214 Acts of Ciise I verse 7
He was catching them. That's why we want to be with the camel
00 Ahan. "
Another example is that there is a standard value of 12 weeks.
OO I (Sabenebu is still hot).
_—
The other party who is being sued for camel compensation is the father
I was defending against the compensation sought by an elder lawyer
"The name of the uddivu was called Hiil4soonnaale, who was one of the elders of Sailac
@/\N Judges usually judge fairly, but he was dominant. Hii] while defending himself in this matter, he said:
It happens sometimes that I was unfairly inspired.
NJ is silent, but it should not be used, but it should be a model, so I agree to pay for the eye only, the eye of the camel.
I I I We will be compensated for three weeks.”
So if it seems to judge something, it is called: I
"Board Expired" or "Abandoned". When the arbitral committee made a decision, it ruled
and only the eye compensation of three floats. "Gari is not two men
But it's easy to laugh when they find lawyers!" It has been said before, that decision is final
and they have an understanding of their own issues, the group that owns the camel did not try, and they said;
whatever his defensive issues. We are going to pick up, event I - 'Tolkayou peed Alaan laenabay.
earlier on a committee "Finished and Lawyers I vee
found himself". And this is what happened in the conversation.
vee I the old man named Ghayr Ashkir 00 who was the father of their family,
There was a camel with a camel, the camel was guarding it
I stayed at the mountain called Marmaar 00 after sunset
He owned a camel that belonged to another family, in the town of Abdul Qadir. Ghayr was one of the elders of the law
When the owner of the skirt rejected the camel several times, he became angry, which is known by all people. When it was reported
the boy with the camel. Then the boy took the camel with a stick.
happened, unfortunately the stick fell on awrkit, ishit keliahapd = = waved, then he said : ,
It was good for him, so he blinded the camel. I - The man who shot the camel's eye was his father? a
, I I - He was the father of the old man of Goonnaale.
Then the camel owner filed another complaint against him.
located in the district. They demanded to be brought back to the family
born of the son who lost his eye, the matter was sent to a committee.
A day has been agreed upon. When the committee was sitting) = And he said: ae
of Bargaackit opened, as usual what the talk qual? gf The committee that ruled in this way did not give G¢ You YeesOH.
the camel-owning party, and they went as follows =] Hiil-Gonnaale is from Sailal, so go to see what you have done;
. wrRayeu even though 96 goonda two (i laaa), still wuccun oneal q Hin een he sent S00 to kill you, tet wanda (a tga qa oe : we
The only way for families to move, Hi. Mii aan maagale y sap a 00 whole and a hundred halad ab, or it is said that the wan il laa e 5 baalaad —
WUXHH aba the only transport o “8 rine oe ae _ dante: & reduce and take 85 hala
?", yes
The keltya fadaud that we travel, Rale's activities in the sea a Me I ae
I ae I ee