148
When the youths saw the boy living with the game they tried I. Ibrahim Makahil Hassan (Ugaadh-maal)
"Let's hand them over to him, but he escaped from the car." 2. Ugas Makahul
we are A few days later another 00 happened og I 3, Gulecd Ugas
It was not possible to run. The next day a young horse 4. Aafi Guled _
They were sent with them to bring them back, that day they were successful in I 65, Abdullahi Aaf
and it was sung. Then many elders flocked to him, Ali Hussain
flirsanava this wolf lived with the game. The end is orphaned - 7, Omar Ali
said that the boy is the son of Makahul Hassan of Ibrahim, [I 8. Guleed Book
and their cross was transferred to them. After that day, hunting for wealth } 9, camels,
It was nicknamed, Wiki and if it is from their family, it will be I 10, Roble Guleed
Some of the days he climbed but grew up the tree he burned every day } 11, Hussein Roble
\ireen the elder who was sitting for the Chief. That tree was [ 12. Paarah Guntiweyne
Baa la vidhi, the big tree is located in the famous 13. Roble Ali
Arrangements. Elders came to the will on the tree at 00 a 14. Roble Farah
sat in the meeting. Before they opened their meeting, the elders found out f 15, Abdi Roble
that there is a cloud on this tree, that cloud was on the ground I 16, Guled Roble
There is no other that is limited to this tree 00 alone. I 17. Call Roble I $18. Rest in peace Ciise
Elders are amazing to God, especially when it comes to this
After looking at it from many angles, they finally realized that they were gay
The ten houses of Ciise who are sitting here, each house gets up and wo
They see a cloth on the road to test the goof that the cloud follows. I
As long as you go
The obtaa sat when they flowed and they did not follow the cloud and I
She stayed on the tree, the elders returned to the tree
Looking up, they realized that Will Da'yarl was the devil's tree.
then they begged the boy to come down from the tree, when I
When they came down, they said to uncle Hilin that time, when the boy died
When he moved from under the tree, the cloud followed him and left him. I
The elders who have been sitting in the meeting for a long time made a decision that day
They realized that Ugaskit was looking for this miracle boy.
It appears that Ibrahim Makahil Hassan 00 is nicknamed Ugadh-maal I
The first chapter of Ciise is sung like this, I
(I reported this story from Aare Jama Geelle, 00, 78 years old). i
Notably, Makahil Hassan was also one of his children
Hassan 00 known as U. aga soo ab ta tafiiet tbraahimn Makes I
They were as follows: "Gad-Mal, and the Chiefs after him, things) I