180 HEET-Cligg {rule-Isa 18]
After that, an elder Joseph took the floor and asked Ciise
} who was there and asked the Chief to pray for Joseph.
Db » Now this special prayer is what Joseph asked of Clisa
What is education?
. + » *#@ &£ ' I “ZF i ik f
In the 1900's and the 1980's there was an ugly conflict between
I passed through the two families of Joseph and Ashkir, beloved by Ciise.
Some of the men were killed in the fighting
I was killed for being ugly. During the excavation, many trees were identified
— . _ a I _ ambushes were brought together by both parties to end the conflict
The CV that was promised by Gandhii was all needed but could not be managed. Between the two parties, Ciise cut a bone
Mille tegev. 18" Month: Oct. In 2009, Upas Mustafa turned 1 years old. - no
(YY)
called Barentu, which is located on the west side of the city of Erez.
, I I { Bogor, "Bogor and Man's Bogor", to come later
The chief of the place was welcomed by a large number of people and there was a fight. He met in 00 sat with Meeta. The committee and
came against him. When it was heard that Upaaski was in Barentu, it was known that the president, may God have mercy on him, was Ugas Hassan Hirsi.
Crowds flocked to Ciise from all corners. That nation I After the euddi when the issue was turned from all sides, decisions
00 young people, old people, women and children, he [I was withdrawn from all of them. Among the decisions were:
He ran to see and greet the Chief. Until Ugas Mustafa I ¢ the conflict is stopped,
He was there
established traditional games, prayers, and for the dead and injured
indescribable joy and happiness. Ciise came to the place where their capital is given.
Gathered, you must really look at the half of their faces — Finally they are all blessed.
appeared, you were expressing the need to once unl )I
arrest and find the leader who had the leadership to unite the nation. So while the decisions have not yet been implemented, what happened
So I} was not taken by surprise and all Ciise was speechless.
Joseph's family brought 46 cows and two cows. 18 — What did I say?
A cow and two cows were slaughtered for the two days of the guest's stay
her. 12) - The 20-year-old jumps over a fence and jumps from one thing to another.
Maaena wes f returned 100. In the last 6 sentences: 00 Who is a sif deliberately fo omy will of Ae fray.
Yey, the text added Ciise. } 2innocent. From there it is clear that Yes for Farkit
As they did, they prayed for the President, because there are many problems in the time of the promise.
valaadde dete nn CO, They prayed for him, on the second day when I all the defeats that came
After the prayers were prayed and the leftovers were eaten, the needs of Ciise went away. The prayer that Joseph asked Ailsah came from there
The chiefs who were seated, as usual, were representing the elders from Ciise.
who stat the custom was prayed. _—s« fI_-‘)eddaa. The six houses that need Cuse from S00 J& Joseph, they are also
I ff © who were there prayed one by one. yo
I] Longest sinus and open chest
went to prayer,