}
198 NECF-Ciigp I I rule-Ciise 199
The chief and the elders who escorted him walked through Lyagoo ky Hussein-Matan 00 the personal servant of the chief and other men.
listening to the cool breeze. When he came down from the car they were with, he went to a hollow place
When he returned, he stopped at a Somali house where they were staying and filled a container with water.
I was greeted with joy, and I was greeted by the chief, I oes
While Ugas was in Beya-Addey, many people were going out.
Those people coming from Djibouti and Holhol were some of the Ugas." Don't miss me
They are thirsty to see and greet the Chief. Afternoon and I
and the second night it was still raining and the weather continued. Noteworthy in the month of Sep. 2009" when Ia died in Ugasa in la
It was sweet. That night, a messenger was found saying that it was raining, and from that day on, his hair could not be cut.
Da'een Saylac and its surroundings, and it was discussed how to do it) I tan tyo the day will be shaved in the place called Ugas-Lagu-
had a march tomorrow to Ugas-Lagu-Bogor and Seylac. I Bogor. The elders also added that "The water is pure "Others will not be welcome except me". Then a question was asked to the elders and it was said: % Head-to-Head I =. «= ""What if it rains?"
I I I They reported: On the morning of February 28, 2010, during the morning prayer, after a prayer, I -~ "Every time Ugas is shaved, it rains and it rains for us.
rumored to be moving. Tell me when it was I — di'1 if Allah said.
She came out of Beya-Addey
a 00 through Holhol. I — It was like that and it rained! It's science [laah!
The people of Holhol were all on the road to I I
Greetings to the Chief. On reaching the capital, at 11:00 p.m., they went to Ugas-lagu-bogor where they were.
They did not go through Ugask, they were diverted from the local people who gathered there to reach Ugask.
Bayda on the outskirts of the city called the police school } Wweyaen. Young and old people playing fiddle came to us.
Idris Farah Abbane's back, on that road that led me straight to him, poems and songs in praise of Ugas
At Lawyacaddo on the Somali side, Ugasa and his father were killed there. As in other places, there are two houses
The mountain that was waiting for the minister of the Djibouti government to show the culture was built. 500
lyO ministers and senior officials from Somaliland. After a reception, he was tortured to get rid of the Chief
a I I had hair. a
On that day, the government of Somaliland ordered that the people of J_ "It is a rule that the head should be shaved at noon."
Participating in the coronation of the Chief will facilitate the final march."
therefore the vehicles that were going to Somalia wa I sy Wed & kedaraw avaa I
They did not ask for any money, even though they were vigilant about security.
hanging. The Chief, the elders who were accompanying him and the escort vehicles started to drive me to the Chief, Chief-Lagu-Bogor gecdo bagan oer
They crossed the border of Somalia, their security is the same, somewhere in the middle of the trees, Bee ty me
fully communicated with the host forces a
Yes, I 90 vehicles that have not yet fallen under the head are being trained.
When they all came together, he started to shave my hair. Six elders and ninkt assigned to 00 kelt he ia
A group of three vehicles accompanied by soldiers left alone. No one else is allowed at all, sawlt