192 Aeer-Ctise I veer-Ciise 193
A lot of lucky people asked to shake hands with Uyas, but an old man is cutting the wilwil at the same time. In the middle
Others were lucky. When I arrived, the Ugas car was stopped so that he could go
I a a - I shook hands with the cheering crowd that welcomed me at the same time-
On that day, the Hadhagala family slaughtered a lot of goats and sheep for the guests.
and the remains of the ivo heradkitba have reached well I - take papan or see a brown face. Water Cooler Family
During the night, the President was hosted in the most beautiful house.
the city. The chief passed by,
After the supah prayer, the guests were invited
There was a lot of morning tea in the motorcycle where I Moro-Madobays remained
popular. The mold is paired with a log or bid. I
Do not turn yellow. Markit was eaten after the game of wilwil I Biyo-Qabobe when he left he had already reached the village
It was started in the morning when they met some men who were not far from Maro-Madobay. The people who lived in that village
the driver's seat. Wilwilaha, who felt the people's feelings, and they all stood at the door to come.
It was a farewell to Bogor. the Upas. When the Bogor car arrived
I where the most people were stopped, and Ugas while
On February 24, 2010, at 8:15 a.m., the video was released from the hands of those who were shaking hands with him.
We left Hadhagala until Ivo Ayshaca. If the intention {I — could reach. Black Widow and her people too
he was
In the famous Geel-Case, the historical mountain became one of those who lived there.
Siti yo Las-Hahadadh to be sti maro. There are two ways 00 loo I ;
Su_maro Ayshaca, one goes by the side of the rail and it is I — The chief's escort was taken from there, he was with him for a while.
Tobiye and Las Hadadah are only 17 km away. } Camel-Case's bite was put in the mouth. Camel-Case is one of them
On the other road, the passive mountain between Hadhagala and Las- } — the road that was passed on the 18th of Ugas before this one.
There is a lot going on. Confirmed news 00 received baa tl- I
The road is blocked and impassable, I } I
Therefore, it was decided to go the wrong way. } In Camel-Case
The sunrise side is circumscribed and falls on I a ae
the main road that connects Djibouti and Dirida. I I In the middle of Camel-Case, the famous Siti mountain passes through the eastern corner
} Siti is the center of Gandaha and is the goot to complete the family tray
" Bien Nel I Ciise. It is a mountain in the background of Ciise in a great place, As in
> The Water Cooler I mentioned earlier in the previous Bosses after the Ice?!
While continuing with the I Camel-Case 00 Ciise is around 00 chat e this time
While traveling along two cities 00 on the road namely Biyo? I was there to welcome you, but it didn't matter
Cold and dark cloths were passed. Bivo Qaboobe when it was decided to come to the villages to welcome them
We have reached the people of 00 people. Water-Drinking pe seeds mn BC that the villages are
He repented of his sins, ot) oe the road around him come Uaaska, ,
Weyinihit the Chief who welcomed the leader wearing avay clothes
fe 00 bu ee
There were students who were washing their clothes in Camel-Case.
wet leaves ruxae Gren eatadaa put them up 0° § on the top and instead of the elderly COGN vey elders and
wet shaking. They were catching the eyes of the old man for 4 days. Go to the top of the mountain:
+
of I