212 Rule I Rule 213
The committee, which was led by the former governor, was upset (Gubbaha ka I Gal Abnimadi) came together and the two parties in the committee
) They hesitated their words, they finally came to me, when the arbitration was opened and prayed
When the murder charge against the man did not result in anything, the justice was taken by the Elder-Sange. And he began:
. I. Where is the man from Hevel who was asked for compensation?
The family of the man who was killed when they understood that there was dishonesty. It's kinvan 00 they are all, Baa has been answered.
The seat or the platform where they are sitting, quietly from the tree. Then he said a i I
They did not even ask for their case to be taken to another tree. Nike hebel bevel that you killed his compensation will give you £0 day of bisctya eye
as my brothers and sisters. That's how you know your sweet spot. In the spring of that time, the next day, it rained very well, and others followed him as a witness.
HolHol loans (J. Jabuut). There are two men who came here last night.
The party that claimed the killing was more than 00 others. } Gah Weyney 00 maybe they are waiting for you. Here he refers to meat and money,
Among the other people who landed in the district were two elders from I - I. a oe
who were honest, learned and said; I Koladti was asked for compensation without any objection to the ruling
Old Man-Sange ivo Giirre-Enemy. When it was known that they shot in I Gaboobe-Sange district they said:
The two old men are there and the man who was killed is there again.] - We took Tofkayo. I'm sorry
demanded to be brought to the council where k
They were afraid to spend money to burn the old man's meat. . They took me to it.
"The law is dry, and it is wet," says Ciise. I who
That's how they renewed the gart.
Then the people of the district met, and they did not understand each other
set up a committee for that matter. The second committee that was assigned to the matter was I
added and became one of Gaboobe-Sange and Giirre-Adaawe. What
arranged a day known to each other and the famous Hol-Hol tree. I
The appointed day was the night before Gabobe and Giirre I
They stayed at a place not far from the promised tree.
That night there were men from the Maga laga I group
wanted. They brought him a pan full of chili and a big kettle
00 is full of money (Qurush) which is called Gadhwana
JIrey, the name used to be used in the town of Saylac, Adari (Harar) I
and elsewhere. Ragpi the goods as they went the two old men
myself Seeman Gaboobe-Sange said: } I
Mag yOO It's broken!", Giirrena shouted.
mM wie Sa went, heading towards the promised place.