I
00 Xer-Ijse I Xer-Ise 01
The man who was slaying Ugas is Sharilf, a man from Shinile, in the village of Saylac. Sayla is a city with a long history
His name is Shari't Ali. The six elders are representatives of what used to be the center of the Islamic government in Adal, Saylac
The six agal ce Crsuhu contains vahav. Six of the six elders are cities that have been enriched by the 18 Upas ce before this one.
white cloth oa wen they hold at the four corners So that the hair of the Upas I is being crowned today the 19th Chief of Ciise: Chief
It is not cut off and it does not fall to the ground, and it reaches twice. Muhammad Ibrahim Ugas Waays. » UPA
night so that no one can come close to the Chief's hair
Shave together. When they were all gathered in the camp, the leader and the elders he led entered the palace.
60,000 people welcomed him to the city.
It was recorded as a video. As they were being taken to their destination, their faces were filled with joy and excitement.
refused to tell the elders. Those people who lived together, the people of Saylac and the people of Djibouti in the old city
I 1 filled it. The chief was stationed at the cooperative headquarters
Then the Chief changed his old clothes and said the fish. The elders of the big school in the city are with him
He wore a white robe. An old man who was with the group calmed me down. There are not many people living in Sayal and it is a remote place
A man whose name is Ahmad Abdalla Gadid 00 Wardiq, moved me, so that night the city was full of people.
Yeesif of Gedi-Ali, as per the rules, arrested and released me and the guests of other people who came to their own places.
sleep
wrapped the Chief in a white turban. They didn't care about me. The chief is appointed for seven days.
I I went to be there like the previous bosses. :
Then came the Ugas dressed in white clothes, I
Under another large tree, a mat was placed for him to sit on. It was the morning of Mars 2010 after the morning prayer.
Then all the people gathered around the media, Uigas was taken to Seylac beach where he drowned in the sea.
The picture is deleted. The old man who was with him swam next to the Ugasa for a short while while the Ugasa was in the sea
He sat down and prayed to God. At the end of the prayer, I was accompanied by Dahir Cige, a jurist, and Hussein
All the food that was intended for the meal was prepared for the trip to Khayre (Mataan).
After the reception teams started the game wilwilahaeeay = I a
Saying goodbye to the boss. Oe I After that, he returned to the house where we lived, after a short time-
I saw the Chief who was dressed in a white robe and his head was
; The turban of leadership is empty for elders and scholars.
Saylac I Binayanu avaa began to visit historical places
_ I are the same : I _ a a
This time it is Sayla towards the place, when the cars to I * The grave where Eba Abdalle, the old man, is buried
It was stopped in order, as before, we were faced with the entire 4 genealogy of the Chiefs of Citsaha. Oh yes
Somaliland's president was waiting for his safety. On the road to I * The position of Sheikh Ibrahim Seylaci after $00
Even though it rained, it was sunny. Something happened to me. This is the position that every leader of Ciise has given
In 9084, many Sultans of Somalia came to the area and stayed in the palace.
ib markit shaliada © totes " when
I was driving, I got to know Srna a little bit! ada
y yat before the evening prayer he entered the city
a