69 Law of Ciise } — Law of Ciise 163
Waruf ; May God bless us with health and happiness.
Hell in the grave and hell in hell
On April 11, 2009, 24 elders met for the first time.
Waaruf where they settled. Waaruf in the city of Dirida, it is the problem of this world and the problem of the hereafter.
It is straight to the west, and it is 90 km away.
} I What is the specific problem and the general problem
According to the rule of the Lord, the elders who ask about the matter of the Chief, God bless us.
They should be 144 elders, 00 labivo, the ten houses (councils) of {I The sky, come to us, the earth to us -
Ciise for all. 144 of them are 44 Gande and 100 I God bless us.
oudi. At the end of the month, they should spend at least ten months.
days, the BIGGEST task €€ performed by the elders until Waruf God, do not eat any of them.
This sitting includes a prayer asking God that Ciise I
to the good Ugas. The Prophet Muhammad's Ummah died
I I } [Have mercy on him.
» The prayer of the committee of Ciise Wixil who had a family and marriage for all of us
I [may God have mercy on him.
The committee's sessions are opened and closed with a prayer saying ~ $ God protect us from the sabbath and the sof.
It's all protected. The committee prays to God to protect them from the plague, the enemy and the drought
[God bless us.
Straighten it. The firstborn Ciise prays if the board is needed. I
or all seams. If not, the man sitting on the committee, God help your religion, God help its people.
He is the first born
say. Among the supplications are: - O God, you can't take this and remove it.
Lord of the East: I - May God live in us, I 7
God, do not break our core.
Bismillah Rahmani Rahim. God's leadership, give us my daughter-in-law
God bless Sayyidina Muhammad. I — Where our man is away and our animal is away
your praise [do it.
Make our organization like the organization of angels, if our enemy walks on a page,
Make us a people who sacrifice and make an agreement, if it is going to disappear
O Lord, make us to be together. o if he has wings
Make our advice a pillar of iron, O God, save us.
May God help us to agree on this. I I
Make our repentance acceptable, O God, accept and respond to us.
Oh God, repent to us. God, make our advice clear. _ a ie suitable
De mbigayas ain aate, don't cross your mind. ! I'm our trust and trust 2a! Igta site wafa} than
And the sin of our parents O God say Pans 00 Allla imo 00 AlG aqpeous*
Don't forget the four deeds. Glory be to the Lord, Al-Fatiha!
7 nlah--... 5 Do harm to Ty. 5
O Allah, hide our sins. ,