I
2 sere, I
~ Code I Code 221
Hararge. On the other hand, Ugas Hassan Hire was present at the meeting; re I a
It was the king of Usha, may God have mercy on him.
I was from Suraba "AC Mapal = I = progress in all aspects, and this program in front of us today is one
vo the villager ANA. Ce ee dae once had avaan ¢ Nees mu
\ g I am very happy and grateful, and once again I thank our government.
v let G alle c ene eal I » know Korney! Listen to me
The conference was opened by the government representative, Colonel Sallege
Vex e en i tence rn any kaon told harajcviikea a alkaak, I . Once upon a time there was a man from Bogor who was loved by the people
_Avcoy long hudbad 00 he told about the program a I ' , C ? love fun and
He gave a long speech in which he (Raga Warrana) developed the government's program. Bogor has been traveling for a while now
road, and one of his statements was: I I i y, dis a JOCRADE WHH SOCAAAN JEY St Hi
"Oh my god, it's a drought and it rains a lot! I his nation's situation 4 Know
I didn't go to YAP, but one day, Bogor went on a long journey.
It was not enough, and the people were not able to force many soldiers. Bogoriki ive soldiers dog I
Do not be afraid of you - 1 indy Xootuny followed me with many soldiers. Bogor and askartit 00 passing through the desert ab
"In your interest, the government wants to give you a lot of heat.
; ae “ andeed } Na / ania ; anon) vaa tnay 7aitn rarte areas I aad # happy in gosol,
Tale and barwaage ab to save you, baddit you will aa Dt ee de aban ch
imhirtan wraecha buliel -
hey. Go away from me and save you, and you will go. Bogorkit was surprised by this bird in the hot desert.
I HOO who is happy again, he went out with an order to bring the bird back
a oe I I and taken to the palace of the bogortoya of the plants, the tiga tyo btyababa
kKornavl Sallege when he finished speaking. Creetiag Decd. I r an as a a
-rcaankann eqe when he chamme us), farruinth government, ! Bogor was waiting for the bird to hatch when it was brought to the palace
RaAaanRAna UU SUdD EY Wanda DAOALR rayay I loage VYacan VYirc 1 cae tors cencted oe Fe eae, Led wee seerhg a a ~ / I
He passed it and was accepted by Chief Hassan Hirsi. and the joy of sti biriso. However, the movement was lost from 00 people
, I became a bird, and they couldn't get water or sand
Sou Horrarn Uvaas invited the government, thank you! She lived in Shivirl, Ayo Wyo, and she came down from Wwe Yen.
go to. ol past wise F from the government, thanks to I Bogor when he was surprised that the bird died, he gave an order
"Aa ka 'tb wux. aerate to prosper its people. I want to return it to its place. I a
. i a 1 He spoke to Samir Geelle, who said: Once he was taken to the desert, it started
0% I want him to speak in the language of Ciise, he will respond to the joy and laughter, I I
the government's promise to Ciise. So Colonel Sallaqgou: our Ethiopian government is like Bogor
Intu Samirre hadal I 00 wants us to be happy and the reason you mentioned 500,
Intu Samirre took the word wavaa ena deze alav onddoomivhi I Cote be pee peg pe Tan togada
Shirl Corre did not take it, the governor intervened. 3 And Ciise is like a bird
That house and the land you are going to
fUTE!A hRornevl Sallege Cenddmaminiikaa we an i oe ee HAFT I poh, I so rr. Yes, yes, yes
DO NOT NOTE. The governor gave an order that he was not happy. I'm speechless."
Make him translate Samir's speech word for word.
50 don't worry, the commander and Samir are not going to face each other today. Colonel Sallege laughed a lot and said:
They went to meetings to discuss the issues of Daka I - "I expected patience from Saas H Badlee.
ae é j yrs I tas I : aa es iy pep aa ay
Elder Oneh: Oh Ciise, why don't you reject the rest of us?
- dio: B00 who reported this incident said, nul + "We took Halkun Samirre away.
I didn't expect that Samir will bring objections from Barna. "It was answered at once.
This government introduced j a I
OO Tasted, t,o J , ro ee at
Talk ivo dh -. 9 That is where the meeting ended, and the program was carried out by the government
Placa VO dnamman Samuiees of. ; yee I _ arria kil q kev] fey = bag ears I
started mahalnon Samirre moved to the debate with 7 failed. I
I
Inaq proposed to the government. oh oh! next to me
Samir 8 aE I This story was reported by men who attended the conference.
As the 800 pre-revolutionary governments did. q
Lait they neglected Clisaha, also oc dann nena hixiverpogue: tf 3
X ayle Sala, an, other axa that he points out from bina q oe
®ays valasa, she tries to fly Ci I aR