22 Law of Ciise Law of Ciise 23
Ali Kalageye did as he did and the army passed through the Black Heeri
He brought them as promised, and the army was dispersed. Hanna is surprised
Some reporters of this history said that the army found 100 men
Bogol was a man, others levihtin 0) thirty he ctidanky Ma habaynee
was with horses.
ride: ye os oe Some of the men who reported this trip said it differently
All night long the two armies stayed in a place to kill Ale Buri, they said when Ali intended
In the morning, when they all woke up, Ali told the people of Ale that he went straight to Bogor, saying, "O King."
Burl and I are playing Gocosta with my friends and we want to tell you about the party on Tuesday.
Na suga rageu Call, the game started and he stood in the middle, Ale Burina roared that the day will be played.
announced: and they planned to ambush Aale Buni,
- Aya It and Oof La? 00 how is it? : i
And they answered and said:
Nobody. Ali Kalageye, who is talking to the man, said, "We are here."
Ali threw the ball in the sky, the army of Aale Buri started to look at the eyes of Wilwilaha and our spears did not hit. Ale Buri
They followed him, keeping an eye on the ball, as promised by his advisers, because if I kill them, they will defeat the rest of us.
It was Ali and his men who were defeated by swords and spears. So let's find out
the army of Aale Buurt and they were all slaughtered. ) Bogorka tyo tagpisu as they sit next to each other, there are two men
_ Co to delete and close
go 1 pretending to be men,
Ali Kalageye's group won the arms and horses and let two others do the same and exchange them. it's morning
The next day, when Ali and his men came to sit on the ground, it was as if the game was over.
Ale Buri. In Bogor, the men, who were consulting as usual, began to thrash around and whistle to each other.
When they examined where they were managing things, they found disaster everywhere and the game was not going anywhere. Ali Kalageye and others
tdayn. Ali 1vO's group attacked and killed one of his men after killing them.
About Ale Buri and his advisors, they came close to a very bitter battle and secured their spears.
Then Ali was able to cut Ale Buri in two, they put them all in the chest, and there was nothing left of Ali's army.
a diay and cae a : eDIyeY 00 has been made something done, some of these words have warmubi 1yo I golhaddac mat single
'Ach has left their feet, the enemy shouting.
We are confused
Ali I Kalageye lyO rageusii when the victory came to him was our warma
They cut the wires, and they were shouting. ae Crazy
Let's talk about the gene! Oh.
We know that Ali Kalageye and his men are the same as Aale Buri and his ruling
They broke our spears and liberated the country.
Crazy about I I
It's the goat! There, the non-believers of the Somali land mostly occupied the middle of the
The great mother of the 16th century was shaken from all sides, as the grasslands
The mountain range of Harar is on all sides.