132 Acts of Ciise I Acts of Ciise 153
I miss my father all the time, we are not missing him
I will share with them whatever problems or benefits they may have. That's how my country is
Go back to the nation. I I rf 1 66 we -
Ugas Hassan will also be remembered on the day of the funeral of Guyashil Ugas L qq anta
the military government headed by Mangistu. In the month of May
In 1991, something unexpected happened
What happened to him? I
When the opening of the first war was broken by Clidammadj I (YW according to the law of the Lord the chieftainship is not hereditary, especially
The government of Ethiopia won by the rebels (.PR.D.F) is the head. But the inheritance belongs to a member of the tribe of Ciise
The people who escaped to the Mangistu Hayle Mariam country, the people called Wardug, especially the tribe called Reer-Hasan. To come
The whole government is divided before it enters Addis Ababa. The new LGA is supposed to meet and hold a meeting.
see The city of Diridaba, which is the headquarters of Ciise, has an eldership of 144 elders who are divided into 100 ouddi.
Other cities in Itoobiva have been destroyed by the lack of governance in 44 Gande. During the gathering, during the meeting and during the Upas
yesterday. In other regions of the country, there has been a boom, and it takes a long time to select new wars. I
passed the ethnic group. Has Ugas Hassan 00 been strong - ,
And all the nations who were his fathers have worked hard and engaged [> So the exchange is, during the period of the absence of Ugas.
how to secure the government's assets and at the same time to continue the activities of the Head of State °
wars between the ethnic groups living together in the city of Dit-I
dhaba and its surroundings, in which he fell
It is a rule that 12 elders from
He found it in a standard way. oe : 12 houses in Ciise. By filling your ears . About ten elders have been appointed to carry on the duties of the Chief. Let me leave it to Ugas Hassan Hitsi and his thanks - The names of the elders were as follows;
Let's take a brief example from 00. I } 1. Dubbad Moses Habbane, 2. Ali Mohamud Bus, I 3 Dahir Bubul, j 4 Omar Khayre Farah, } 9. Omar Full, f 6 Abdullahi Ahmad Hussein, I I. Ali Aare Hared, I 8 Hassan Farah Adan, I 9. Aden Aare Dhabbar, I 10. Bile Dharar, t HH, Casowe Shirdon, I 12, Abdirahman Migil 1yo a f I3. Mohammad Upas Hassan 00 was made the chairman. know f The Sawladda committee was licensed as a center } *Aliki Ugas Hassan left.