* Acts of Ciise Acts of Ciise 43
Factor 4%; It is said that let's live together 00 means
Let's bury our dead together.
A loud noise, 00 Anyone who hears it should come to the funeral of the deceased.
He said that he will not come.
right in the interest of the community, - 1 o4anl4we 1.
Listening to Sex
Article 5: It states that we should live together, water should be withheld from people
There is no pasture that is denied to people.
VWaatcea Barn ele iaemiicver nminta Lae tamcead man + i
Because the sky stopped the man standing in front of us who said, , And BC
I do not drink from my animals, they live together with P77. Every country has its elders.
fight because he broke the common ground, (@ = __ can solve the problem. Each field has elders who belong to it.
Known as NS 00 and headed by an old man called Ul-haye.
Article 6: Let's talk together, what comes from outside the country I I - Ninka €
We protect him, but we are not allowed to spy on him. Whoever comes to his pilgrimage or his matter, call your elders, a ee
If we do not want to come, and it is said that the nations who come to the platform wevn him 00 who is 100 older than 1V0 oge t _ i
Neighbors to live in peace, why do not our law Gandaha do my case against Leariara? with you
He refused to provoke us and he is very careful. Gallinka is 100 years old.
Neighbors should not be at peace because they can bring us serious charges against Jakarl
. , the oudida in Gallinaka.
Article 7™; This article is about ir a 'a
"< AL » _WLAIODER ul Was ULI d, pavaa to cry from a girl is . I ; , me narmnieavaa OO is considered
forbidden to the entire nation
If it is done like this, it will be honored
A crying girl is seen. I! The euddida in Galinka, they do not want to die for 2uc: ee wun
Bring me; can the main forum, and then report how something happened
If he can bring a macas a ve you dl ahav there
ial Wy die ac iil baw leadeal.- pore : ji . ulblaa Aa Ie han wev all of you fany NalKaded Detal le
bat death, it has a responsibility and is wanted. But when it happened, it was said that we are not behind you
nothing caveanaun Niche «Leddy at Ines mand) wevnal forum is the last tree ce
rien 'Gabe re, arene The man who makes a girl cry about the social code and the case against him, the forum is not finished.
allATATTana meel mind brace mamrnar Dare: eee - . I _ aa es een eee pe Lear te ha aq baz att iM ru Citable yt je et LL
W Sito was in awe of him. He is behind the spear and the shield
a sito ce he protects one of those women. Nothing is reduced or lost.
§& to take the person who sees him shoot the law % 12 Gallin "Province"
There is no space for a camel to be taken
empty. eee LE 1. Small 7. Aadaac-}00g
,) ayn " 8. Idle
rales a ce pete
er. B M-jOOL
4, Buy-stand?. pinn) 5 der
ST Ie 10. You don't understand
6. Dragonfly 12. Skywalker