Aer-Ciise Xeer-Ctise 39
Each committee must sit down and decide on a Duddo
It is the rule of the deaf:
oe 1¢ ‘ 7 "e _ _ ges _ i
"The commission does not pay attention to words.
Ti be a x wernt. fi... J # ry :
Parayea Guadida Taal Mec! There is a second 00 that is not identified and it is a place where there is no water
no It is called:
! . 2 — - .. focu ff
"A house without water is not open to the family.
Mf * uddida Code Oabt. There is a third place that is not taken into account and it is a house
7 The Ruler's Rod is called:
3 FF 4 ¥ J. — ff
a "He knows.
I, The Committee Is Ina Ibaake La lack ays ' [I ee
- The board must contain; dn taney if car lon sits curl but aal in the middle
2 Committe wares benny a konaatoo. In the rural areas, if the beard is shaved, it will be removed from the house
3 Cuddia, they "know me to be a liar. Take things from imagination and even if decisions are made, Ciise is not
~ Mauddida If a man who has a bus is spared, 00 is if he is an anansado._ )
7 dO lapa €egi a man who takes a banana, and if he recognizes it.
It's a fire-eater. Y : iC It identifies I
5 Ch "ce van I is looked at from a source of fire, and if it is cold." When the committee is sued by a party or party, it says this
), suit Wasa lace sem ima wees I vhs FRACIC! Lhe I
6 They * ‘le. A ©egt nay Eat while participating. following: } 4
"he VdAdd UW Vaalla Oo Kale 7 a2 ler se an . boa yr? lien taka caesar "er lycra ¢ adi
humor - "2 00 ale, kol waa hrddo, kolwa is talk: kolna 1) Let's talk.
"Heavy - That's what the proverb means: let's sit for it. .
Maidysarsanayasa no beard" 2) an magalle. — It means thay, the issue is first
7 This committee is a witness, let it fall on our ears.
Wait, Wix
i. vey Allah left it, and what comes next Allah teach 3) let's look. It means, since I heard it
« G i, WIKI JOPANA ruled, " I : go down.
8, Inside the house, there is a lot of noise.
9. There is also a "disperser, 00" if it is a gas. 4) Alan dbagisanno. It means, don't listen too much
he et; or ot ban the privacy policy and decide on . Don't miss Marans
Moret Vax sh eg cheare Myatid OO p aanka . . i ws aor Ahi ae aie vualiha I salihis aha ka
If lacy I "<8 says, I 5) we ask ourselves this, It means, let each one have his own money.
11. The board is I. Gl lika is the hole that every man will go into.
I Gari All y ta setyey ecg Allah magagil lyagoon other than avn /) Alan Euddonno It means, all that when
God knows that no one is better than anyone else. Deanne, I agree with you.
You know her but you don't know a man. .
I don't care. Wer, we have to make a decision together
11 of them are for the oudida - 8) and cut. It means, go together jit an ¢
idenere 1 ft Seat an pudida. Your body needs water. I _ search
As: es) dog _ 4 tLe a . yr. A of Th ral baa gabta ooo le ped s pda sone
It was said to him: "The law is the rule". abla board itself, BC ,
It is also jp 1 Each arbitral committee is required to remind itself
Duddr "© OO jitta trees Garta lao qa- do inav I a srevadan next 00 about, the people who take the judgment and those to
Z uddo lyo Darif. Bu aa iO Inay yihun wordsall SOO $0Cdd ~, ne id , _ I 3
Duddo: It's the ground now, I'm arbitrating
and they are like this -
rw is the midpoint of Ci; I Bees. It's a holiday
Darif: it is a land that is ruled by a man, and no man lets him go.
for the wlts. A man opens it, a man analyzes it.