EF
190 Rule of Law 191
We said that it was Ciise who spoke in the name of Ciise.
The old man named Dubbad Musa Habbane used to come to me and pray for camels and sheep.
Kobay: "They are hiding [lla 00] and they wanted me. I was the Ugas and they were meeting him there, so when
Oe I reached Habago with U9 escorted by Upas Mustafe
After that, the six elders who represented the six houses of the people who gathered there prayed because the promise is still there.
Ciise is composed, when the prayer is dedicated, where is the Lord, when he stands under the tree of Habakkuk, he prays.
was cut in the game that indicates the victory called wilwilaha and I and Albari started, it was prayed by six elders from
repeated twice. the family that Ciise is composed of. After the prayer, the tree
I I I te touched his young man a little and said: "This tree
After that it goes into the S stream. Ten and 30 minutes I = here today is Geakzi un bululay Mohamud Yonis Muse.
left Mille Ivada 00 towards the city — adenkit 00 aba Satad Musa called, 'come down father'." It's a site
Hadhagala, which stretches 47 km from Mille to the north-west, is one of the historical places that have not yet been visited by the elders.
Hadhagala is one of the cities founded by Khadks. I
the train that connects Djibouti and Dirida. President's Day
Mille was accompanied by 90 elders from the Committee
ivo Gandhii and some of the Ugas's relatives. % Remaining
In addition, the Television and Radio Council of Djibouti has been extended to Had
hagala, until it is reached
(RTD) 00 from Mohammad Dahir Hassan, Abdalla Hai city, the Ugas was confronted by a large number of people.
Osman, Mohammad Deheeye, and Mohammad Aaden Tallan, the people of Hahagala dressed in traditional clothes.
On the Djibouti side, there was also 00 going on in Salah Sakariye Sheikh and { at the same time cutting the wilwil. The first 30 minutes are $00
Aden Osman Dharaar from the research branch reached the city, where the population is less than a thousand people.
month of Jam. Abbreviated Djibouti (CERD). Go to me, with women and children waiting for the Chief. On the road
The University of Djibouti was held at Sagal Muhammad Jama 00 # and the students of the school 00 were waving wet leaves. Happiness
produced by pHD, was also accompanied by Tyga's crew} and the crowd's excitement was reflected in how
Diridaba, the Somali-language branch of Fana and Ethiopian TV - were the first to see their leader.
in Addis Ababa. In terms of security, the government de- § Upaska and the elders who accompanied him stopped outside $00
The Somali army in Ethiopia has assigned about twenty soldiers to oppose _ the mosque or mawla of Sheikh Ciise.
The police who drove three cars called I Hadhagala, where the people were separated from the people.
Landcruiser. I - "4 cuts, There are also poems from 1y0 barsan ourto
"Coo. Two Somali houses were built there
% In the middle of the system
Before reaching Hadhapala, it was preceded by the famous dich.
e¢ called Habago 00 15km which goes to H alone
speak Habago } a big tree in the courtyard of His majesty f° eae orem
It is one of the dikha la soo 3 u iye 7 is on ne than ' Bocollaal . from * . People have come to this place
All of Ciise' work is true and satisfied - for the Lord to take care of it
What is vu chan? In the past while the cities }4% j