I
1
234 Acts 4 Acts 235
,
Abrar, who was surprised by the faith, spoke again: I will mention another incident that will prove our bravery.
. Captain Walashow, please take care of us on the mountain, know what he has done for me and the peace of his love.
nv separates dream from tdo. "
D.C said: po: : "A young man jumps over a fence and jumps over something."
. Abraham, what do you mean?
- The people you are talking about are the same. He said, "The young men of Ciise took camels on a raid
And a) I had men who are closely followed by Abraar Girre. The camel men
After that, the infidel realized that I was not open to any further discussion, knowing that 00 were gathering and wanted to steal their rights.
As for what was to be discussed, Abraar brought her decision to the table, I wanted Abraar Guirre. He said:
I I oO, I. A man's camel moves and hides.
The meeting ended there that day, but another promise. I am sure that he will be brought with him.
Ja went. It happened as he said.
The British colonial who ruled the country was working in I When they heard that the camel belonged to the family of Abraar Girre, eight elders
With many tricks, he tried to attract people to his feet.
Suspects who are connected to the community, like Abraar Girre, they seized all the camels. And then the setae
They returned apy to Giirre, and brought one of them with her
On the appointed day, when the D.C came together, he declared I 00 cash and another gift.
that he withdrew the order that the men of the son of Ciise were arrested. Any pneumonia
move the Samaritans, he said
added: I { We cannot summarize the goodness of the nation 0 oe ag Ro z 'een
4 ararkit we have not received bad news advice to us. 100 people who know him and everyone who knows him will admit it
The government needs elders like you who are brave with the truth.
And, after today, I'm going to be with you, I'm going to die.
00 to the government. You will be paid a salary. And we must imitate those brave men
We talked about Abraar C I.
After Giirre's advice, the infidel offered him a shield
- : smelled, and he apologized for being a chief. That's how I
CLA? hat aleeeen a lity? A = E,'
BulayStay became his district. j
He said - there it is! They were, jokingly, asking 00.
- You don't steal bacon, 1 _ ae I oe
Hadal I, don't take the money the unbeliever has promised ¢ or I avers
A man who calls out to his unbeliever, I am not magi * 4 Sg a Eh
MEW Sadly I am sorry # I 4 OPN fig lings i Tes
E0GIKU says he will not be a man of the nation. “eae I cae PR hg
Set is os RE NE rg