232 Code I Code-Isa 292
j
The men who were traveling to the British became Borama with
Enter the disbelief that Abraar Gitre refused the order of the government.
1
Phe Net I Then the mayor sent soldiers and gave them orders to
Abraar Guirre I Abraar Guirre do not bring Borama to the office. The soldiers walked and Abraar
She went to Girre where the family lived, and her name is called
i "Pink" between Boon and Quijeed. When the message
He called a priest named Aw-Ali Akal 00
. who had a reputation in the community, he said: I
Braar Giirre was a brave old man and at the time of his birth I - Aw-Aliyow, the DC of the British Borama called you.
b\4 no problem happened near him. He was a prosecutor who sent these soldiers. What do you think?
A. Japanese. Abraar Gurre was an elder of peace 00 stitches I
If there is a problem between them, mediate honestly. After consulting, they agree to go together.
There were few trees to pick from while he was away. I don't believe in his interests. As they were leaving the family, Abraat Aw-Ali asked them
and he used to put the nation first. ) - to wrap a handful of cow dung in a cloth. Aw-Calina
I I as he did.
Abraar Girre was one of the men of peace, integration and I leat
The peace that the Samaritans and Ciise live together.
set it up. At the same time that the nation is admonishing for peace, the infidels also came, and the seats were stolen.
Ragpu Tarlikhdusa reported that they have never been near Islam.
don't mess with it. a " { I don't see
g.).
Abraar Guirre during his time in power, the colonial I Raghise penetrated the history of what they drove, oe hit
The engineer in the north of Somalia who ruled S00, what {I - the infidel did not start the speech, Abraat Gurre took the floor 00 yidht =
unless he meant it, an order: "The men of God who are with me - Captain Walashow did not ask you for a single word
who are in the Samaritans, to be removed quickly." I - Yes! Degu said. : lea do not start to dbar and
a I a m . I ask you before you start talking to I pan ..
The British ordered to remove the finger from the chiefs who were working, take it all off, then be naked. you apis tid
especially the Samaritans to implement it. 8 Leave me alone, and go through the city without going anywhere
cancille ay FOCI {God has brought a surprise to the disbelievers. After a while Maria Sarpancana spoke:
Those families have 50 Samaritan daughters. It was brought over, I Abra aba hab ee ke 'aby reraba ke rar, likewise aye abar
4)
Roll, Samaritan oh. Wunea ete yibin Abraar Gurre 00 that I it yibin 00 not paying w. ° po Ees
that. A message reached Abraar Gurte. am I J ~ I Pe ae peer
The men who were in the village, if they were there, they said: {Tig 4 Abtar Girre is not there, Aw-Ali Akad! but i
The order issued by D.C. In the English language, the English language is used in Wales
Abraar Giirre called Borama "Captain Joc a = Aw-Alina did as he did 00 the table of the unbelievers was warned and lusnubsed!
Reechi ay soo rarcenna wien Len oe acey to spread the fingers Oe 4 OO ee