154 Ner-Ciise f Yeer-CUus e 155
After the death of Ugas Hassan, he was elected to the Upas Cusuh community, a part of the community that NOOB is proud of.
she spent 15 years with Ciise. It's the best time f - because it's the last time they light up, it's difficult
ec happened without Ugas in the history of Ciise. fe = they came from many sides and smelled, the great need ce : 3 The people of Gutaalu who married Uyas were chechenan on the day of Upas
» What is the best thing that has brought you so many years? Most of them were happy
the lack of it? was coming.
i
For a number of reasons, some of them serious, I asked a few knowledgeable men at that time.
1- First of all, the Lordship of Ciise is not hereditary. The lion came to the Imam after passing through the Ctisaha. Finally
2- Ugas Nasan in the days of Bokhrah is from Bisannad, the main part that is missed is the prayer
In such a long period of time, it is possible to know what has changed in the world in a day or night, because the Lord is a prayer. More and more
The recent problems in the Horn of Africa have affected the nation.
veelatai Ctisaha,
3- There have been repeated wars in Mandigada, I
4. There was an increase in the number of people living in cities, which led to 00
that ter miviga and the townspeople wait for each other to I
start the process.
5- There have been increased borders where the colony is separated from the land
and governments that doubted Ciise' influence.
G- Gandhi, who was in charge of Ciise, disappeared
His residence was the legal center of Siti.
/- The last one was the 12 elders and the governor
complain to fill it up
the role of the chief at the same time it was
that Cutzaha should come forward to arrest the new chief, 00
their role in poetry. I
More than that has led to a delay in demand
May God have mercy on Ugas Hassan Hirs.
During that long period of absence Ciise went through a lot of trouble.
Let's talk about the problems of the nation
It has passed. I I
First, the nation became fatherless and orphaned. I
I was confused, I didn't know where to go and where to go
The votes of the yin pat desceyey Isaha and the people a7 I
There are some cracks in the rubber. Together and I
00 wad inant happened to us, because the father of I I
val ity is gone, I