I
30 Code-Chise Code-Ciise 51
The old man's writing is not to be taken with a pen and paper - the committee does not care anymore, it is called the old tree.
It is a re-reading of the words spoken by the two parties - the discussions that took place in the case and the decision of the previous committee.
It is clear to them, what is meant by re-reading, —_ what Somalis say : )
The two men who are suing each other should know that their words are not allowed * "Committee does not kill a committee!"
nothing left at all. 9
. ee ae Therefore the back panel often cuts the front tl
At that point it was a tree but a poysey forum, except occasionally.
the two men who were being taken away from the outside, euddida aya a
then he goes inside the chin and takes it and puts it on every man = The chin guard is generally like that.
Say what you think about the provisions of the Act:
based on the issues. If the testimony is lost, how can it be delivered?
When the committee makes a decision, it is called = The testimony is placed in a circle. It is said to enter
the two men she inherited. The first thing to talk to is a caveman. Later, no one will interfere with you, what Allah will do for you
the man who complained, and it is said - and you know, say it without favoring anyone.
- That committee, which is your brothers and sisters, is not biased against you
Do you agree with what he has to do for you? It is also missing:
- I don't take the wings (and kill them like the au'r) 1- Do you have a bug? I
Ale ce sued is said equally. 3. Do you feel like you are being dragged around?
After that, the girl danced in front of him: 4- Did you see a bird?
his 00 said
aa: Who cut off the announcement and cut the people with scissors- Q- Or haven't you seen it yet?
ap 7 I 6- Did you see to your left?
"Hebelow, you have lost your mind and you have been told that point 7- Or was it on your right?
based on , 7 8- Did you go before?
- Hebelow, you have lost your mind and you have found it. 9- Or you are behind °
And it is explained as he found it, if the two men Mi M2 farmers uk said ¢
° Badiney is said to be buried and is prayed for. a Ceaa what he killed ivo wixil killed, aye
If a person comes, the committee will kill the person knowingly and what they have been accused of.
If a man says that he is "full of money", ask him 1 question, and find out about the marageu TM.
then it is said: 'Whoever says that he should point his finger, "hae sti 1 < - ah ivo one is made. The testimony is the same
I , it is accurate and structured. Marage® ©
; Why did you set up the carta? stig] why don't you tell him because the air is empty.
- My beard is missing, so I talkkeeeecce 1. to Lecce and I
"Ayu yi thas" and let me be filled.
: What video are you filling? It is said that they have it, they will bring it there, they will not find the hundred blood.
Let me weave another tree Buy idh: ; : : I adit dhiieoa lacu ,
: You get it! He has been accused of another crime and if the testimony is properly filled out by the court.
another guadi. It allows up to three feet. "Ee Sheepanaye did not bleed (the cow).