* Seer-Itse Code-Isa 35
Article 5*: ol Allah, every year after the end of each year
and two holes of butter are taken from it and placed in it
Pour in the coconut. -
In the hearing of the Rukmada Xeer Kokosahasoo, animal skins are made from ve halle
Stick CS. ICVdd KUKUMMADDA Aerek keeps a big house, whatever God wants to do there
is their economy. It may happen in the old store
00, to reach the next year, food-
which 00 contains "sugar, grain and livestock" -
Yodobka 1484 190 «3 I Article 6°»: Gendah is gathered together sannackll ko
Rodob 1:100 men called Gande in our language is the first time and the 12 ulhayes of the area are coming together.
pre-made rule holder. yallin. Be
Article 2™4; There are also 12 ulhayes, 00 are called in the pagan language and a report is given.
'Chief district', and it is said that this is a problem area that has been affected by every region in the region
and they are under the 100 elders like Gandaha. Ulhave failed, but tolerated his problems, "Aca
It means, the area in charge of the "Peace Stick" (00 means medal-sharat). if you cry
_ ....-Where is the peace? One of the regions that were looked at was to cle
Article 3*: The victim, the victim is a person who has been raped or a girl who has been raped, amt a
elected and given responsibility, it is also taken, that one of the region receives from you I all
A person who prays prays with the first finger and when it is directed to him. Gobo! He was doing his best
~ ends, and is called the firstborn. He took the stick of peace to Jahaa.
Article 4: What we have mentioned is the council and its sitting
is the 44 houses that were selected from the community, and they reside
yibuin somewhere
and it is the center of Sit. Their name is
Gande Kbayre. The bread of Ciise is in the place
'y now the governments are in the Constitutional Committee and
the supreme court. the goat iy
Kolguur cannot live in a family. Kolgur
It is said that the camel is loaded in the morning and opened in the afternoon
It's a day's walk, and no one wants to leave
ej, that glass wy a Pa ag ha
and the 12 ulhayeo ar bene Ate gather
You are welcome. Kain Veto 20 to accompany the army
There are two holes in the lamb
ie "let's graze the animals in the pastures."
The animal carried a star seat. I
OO is not returned