i
240 Ner-Isa rule-Ctise 241
It's a world and a society, Ali Roble was killed while fulfilling his duty.
running. The reason he was killed was: I I 'lib. This is the second time that the 12-kilometer Agal of Usuhu has ruled
1 which is chaired by Ugas Hassan.
Two knees of Ctisa, namely Saad Musa, the people of Gulane (who is better than
Roble's knee) and his brother, Ali-Hayil, who was very strong, and when he sat down, he was surrounded by all sides.
passed. In order to arbitrate between the two parties, the day of the appointment was held and the people of Gulane were sentenced.
where Ja called Dhijaan-Dhiig sat for an elder who was one of Ca - To build 17 girls for Ali-Hayil now.
Roble. I "Exception" } —
1
Before he was taken into custody, a brother made himself known. The committee also ruled: -
If Ali Roble came to this tree, they would not find a solution to it.
They will hang in the sky, he hit the old man with a bullet.
After that, men from the tribe of Ali Roble shot Fray.
There they killed 17 men of Baaldoon, Ali-Hayil. © =I +=» +And the remaining few were given by the people of Gulane.
Take a beard, the peace is completely thrown away. Other Ciise I The daughters were immediately built, and the men's heads were appointed
Those who were there and others who came to the rescue worked to pay the next grant. And so it ended.
how they would put an end to that conflict. White cloth and sheets bay I vee at Lantii
They were jumping around all afternoon, I think
a they were extinguishing the conflict. It is worth noting that the year is seventeen
I I } daughters and sons born together.
Ali Roble Taame was injured and did something amazing
Moved this afternoon, and what? I I Some of the older men of this history have said that he thinks about girls
a I I would be built under Ugas Hassan.
The man who was hit by the bullet and who caused all the trouble is in the hands of I Se a
He put his head down and covered it under the entrance.
"A man who does not bariiva valev y : y yl i ep et taluaanioan overcome: dav of the English land
A man who taught me last night, I — at the beginning, it's an act from Italy.
nN i" which I paid today is the last day I took control of all Somalis.
"Father" to him. I
In Ciise, we have the greatest loss
And why did it end with two knees?