a
172 X€ECF-Ciise } rule-Ilse 173
}
That's how he informed him, 1 as if he had given it, he said, this man we saw is not a man with defects, he is
Rooddiyava, Haji Musa Abbokor who is in the middle, twice [I am a full man, he is the leader we missed 00 will not come back, Haji
announce : ; a I; Moses continued and concluded his speech,
; "We want Bogor! We want Bogorkit" and the rain is pouring down. oO
The old man moved back and entered another gate in front of us.
looked. After a few minutes, Mustafa Mohamed, who was holding his hand, informed me that he did not disagree at all with Haji Musa.
Abraham came out. As he brought the old man in front of him, he left the other seven who were still sitting.
stopped. The seven elders looked up and down at Mustafa. He spoke to you one by one, without any hesitation or question
I — delivered and they also fully agreed. One of the elders
Mustafa looked in front of him as if he was praying. While he was still there, he raised a reasonable question and said:
ivaou Mustafa, we are elders, I myself am very much. I - 'Third Man Why Don't I H $00 Floating 2" I
I asked the elders themselves to really know what they are looking at.
(I noticed that they were looking at him.)
whether it is owned or not). ; It's a league, it's not good if we succeed."
] I = The rest agree with you.
When they looked at each other for a while, Haji Musa asked a question.
od
Mustafa's great-grandmother: Hadal and everyone took the final decision that night
"Does this man have any faults?" said Mustafa Muhammad Ibrahim Ugas.
- "No!" and fully answered the old man, f The 19° Chief of Ciise.
Haji Musa once again asked the same question to his elders.
Soc I f was there all together. That was the promise, brothers and sisters
° This man does not see any fault in you at all.
- "She is a refuge from Allah and she misses me all!" they all said. I Call the Boss We the board call it!
I I I want to present it officially. Before that our tongue
We rose to the top together 00 Mustafa and the grandfather together {let's defeat him, it's a promise of Islam.
We said hello, then we left. While we were at the house f
00 and when we walked, it started to rain. I
We went to the 00 car that was there for us, and we went to the house
We left from 00 where the other elders of the committee are waiting for us
We smelled it, we greeted each other and then I went to bed
I'm on the ground. It is still raining well. }
, '
Pom Aladi says: "He's hungry for news", so 5! 2 I
give full to the seven who remained > on , “ } * TN took brie I
give it to 'kill that has been sitting. Pilgrim full news and details }