No
F I
Rule 65
Right and Left Ears Z oe
Foot Ears
Hands, right or left which one has more? Sidedah, re ; : a
Arms have multiple mags. Why? If a person has a broken leg, he will be buried, and he will be reimbursed by the board
We are busy. eepioo walamilst: ,
They look at each other and look at each other.
When the rule was set, there was no shooting, the bullets were not long. others are:
they did not exist. But it was a weapon, spear, cotton, stone and pass Ben by lac nae pass.
such weapons. He was saving the golf from the left hand and Sit yo ce 9 "la isl oS ect thigi a
holding a shield, the first line of defense on the defensive line is to the left.
- The spear and shield are carried on the left a Waa jabe panne enya ta oan eye eta
- The ivo-grove nad is carried on the left. It is said, "Is it twisted, is it pure, is it pure?"
- Wevysada tyvo parables of what Ino aataa hidix
On the right hand side there is ae on the left. » Conclusion: it is only if they reach the ground.
The rangolo and the jidib are taken on the left side. I
- Sahavda tivo table is sic 1. kd. soos @ Maoror: if it turns to one side.
He is carrying the table on the left. a + deo! Rai
" ¢ Pure: if it recovers on its own.
4 reet laou waldhaamaa oc
The word 00 is used in the world. the hangover j I ou” Ce ; - ah
'back or pudda'. 6 Take care of yourself with your legs, feet, and ankles.
Peidad dla PUCUNta. O Nartaadas, you are my mother, and I am. ae rr ee eenwan la eer haha hada space:
shield, shield. the table. Wevsad Wdhaamaa, And it is the spear, it splits apart
n is and it is looked at according to the place
» If it all breaks, it's fifteen hours. ©
> Then it is carried on the left side of the bab.
- A Ad wee LALA, WweHalla Sana my = dba ae Ar _ fT a6 " fer. ee akanm Rala2 Bi
Its compensation is 16 Halad or 192 Sixth. and the reason why it was made » If a limb is severed, it is five halaad.
The right only has recourse to the left, \ I Indhal
It is useful because it eats. Ears and Eyes
as well as
On the other hand, the right has done something wrong. I
If both eyes are removed from a man, what is the law for him?
put Even though it's a twin, it's just a curtain
with dyna parpaar baclan ye elanay nh rin, none of them fa other I. At first the nesting 1yo treatment was done and as
They did not know what to do and where they were, and the air was in the way of the law. . , ”
the rule says tai. And then if one of them is cut, it will be said: "Is it healed!"
fkU said what is the most important thing AUCH TUAKOOG 1 BOYM, 9 He was persuaded 00 he a OC: esayed. .
: of I ia bag Ae a : an - « _ i FL, ; wrireen 1 wy 4 eh 1 Tran ra I i Li.
> How many times? I 3. The third time is to check that they are not fat
It's long because of that. It is known that the leftists will be judged if they cancel something. If the eye is buena
or I80lavaay of Btana was made 15 Halad I "ae ta 1 1. acta an hal inav u flik u 1 urr something
or 180 Lahad, and the gta was reduced to 15.
They just come back and see! SC _
! It is returned again if there is a consensus ino 0 yuu
I what
I wonder if the man is dead if he doesn't love Mibewe
alive? It is taken from a dead man.
I I oe -
f