20 Law of Christ Ciise Law 21
In the Somali Autonomous Region of Ethiopia, the people of Qatar are very dictatorial and his situation, Ale Buurt, when he returned to the center
Clyaraan Gocosta. It is located in the center of the mammary gland that bears its name
a _ _ called Blood-Dhaba, (Awdal Region) issued a decree to those
So let's go back to Ali Kalageye as he was before Ale before he was more aggressive towards the young children. Orders issued by him
Buri and the tactics he used, we mentioned in the beginning, I do it every Tuesday.
The history of the men who reported that they were scattered in some places, my own parties, so I want to take a breath.
But there is a consensus on how it started. Ali, who would have made it easier for me to bring a little boy. He meant that
Before the battle of the enemy begins, he punishes the children who have milk, we know no one else. Two
A young man who chooses a special activity and trains at night. Ali killed two children a week ago
He taught the youth the game of Wilwilah and the way he wanted and the people were surprised, he issued another order and said
to fight him, he taught him the game of Gocosta, how to build a girl for me and sacrifice my wedding
For hunting and the general strategy of the site, follow. At that point, Ali Kalageye called a meeting
I have been wondering how to deal with this problem for a while
Ali Kalageye said at one point, "If you have a problem, if it's turned upside down, it's what Ali Kalageye thought."
Are you ready, Ciise told me, he said
What 00 said: We are building a daughter for Ale Buri and she is the daughter of the uncle
Finally, there is no milk delivered to Ale Buri, when the milk that is mine for Amina, the son I am accompanying to be sacrificed is
He said, "I do not know Allah and Ale Buri, my little son Waays, and he slaughtered the lamb."
Knowledge has run out of milk", so you have the children who collect Ali Kalageye. The next morning, Amina's daughter called her son
and fed him with milk, and you learned that neither Allah nor Ale Buri took him further while fulfilling the order of Ale Buri, when he came to
We know €€ we know milk, Aale Buri that day when he was near the center of the Bogor, he was shouting.
He ran out of milk, he sent a message and said we are bringing Waays urgently Let the milk be brought to him. ) I BEE It's wil!
We are following Badadhaan
Ali Pe Teeye went to Ale Buri empty-handed and said: She is a girl. 90 A proud man said: When he checked the place where he was sitting
~ I am not an orphan in the world, Ali, what do you mean?
Ali said: ) The trained LEA who had already selected people said:
al f ndbabaagaan Ringe S00 bust €@ inha mari. - Don't sit down anymore, we're going to have a baseless war
They are coming, Ale Buri has brought many children to be moved to the east, then the center are Baur magn
Ale Buri immediately sat down in a sitting place and said, "Bogoro, the family has gone there."
He touched himself: he asked Mae BDadkit, they have gone east. Raa wants you to give me this city.
Mp ean sounded
She cried and said: Bring me somewhere No! When he gives me the army, I will go ahead and bring it! where!
- What do you do with 20 people you don't know? asked the children of Hebla, and I warn you, men of 3 na 00 reerana Va S00
Ale Buri and they answered me, swimming, then we used it
0 nodding where I left off I trained you.