100 Acts of God — Call Ciise 101
Article 4*: If a woman has a child by her husband! — while he had, the years he had if it is 3 years are 3 animals.
I can't touch another man, I'm in the family 4; : la ou kumi, but if he was nauseous, the animal was taken from him.
the child was born, because if that child was
There are some people who are paying compensation, those people! There is a need and there is no need for it.
Marryable. Because it is wanted by the authorities ing I
At the same time, the authorities also need I
It is a source of income for their livestock. Listen to me
Article 5: A man who marries a widow, an orphan
They don't feed their animals but the animals add to it like I I
Abandoned women and orphaned animals. Bandaagq is called a wilderness of spearfishing, but
_ The rule does not allow it. I'm flying in the middle of an enemy, there are animals living there
Article 6: If a woman divorces her husband and divorces her husband, if he has been treated by anyone, 00 he hunts there, if those animals are human.
What? Save ate 5 dolar auren a ot] : + 4 J VW... I acle qduaaadaat yy i F cs Lala 1T$;44a7aan or
She has evidence or testimony that she has been divorced, the man she finds and those people wash themselves, if they are married to other people 00
She can marry whomever she wants and she will not be denied, let them say that we belong to Jehovah and if they marry, we belong to them.
If she marries a foreigner, her husband belongs to us.
The dead in the world that the child has, only their relatives
can marry that. I =» Why did the law set it?
I The Code has set up any brands that have acted in that way
Dhevalevda Raaaia belongs to the man who found it and turned it into livestock, to whom
maagt kartana eo
I don't agree with the exiles and it is said that this man has nothing to do with the bank
I 00 leave the khatragga.
The five treasures of adin, . , i dag Jal la poison. That brand!
The five worldly treasures of Macarudd.i. 4 BW toh the family) who had that brand was given away. That brand
1 Gea e world O €¢ their names: What has a brand, the family that had that brand is a poison. Sure my sister
2. Gir - is a cow. It is a mark that is unique to each man's animal, a mark that has a boundary
3 Ge is a sheep. I can't put it on any other animal, and it's not on the label.
1, re yrada ~ is idah- I of ; a en eee II arm sign not tie
4 Gesley ot aha. Behold, the man who transgresses will be judged, a sign that does not change.)
5. Gamr "Y - it's tlyaha, } I won't do it to you. The man who had that mark is Ia stn, and ital len
~ \vammaan - it's the donkey's horses ive hacia I There is no rule in it
» "Ameerana tyo mules." ; A€CtKa anexcilsa is not running.
If he finds his livestock, he will disappear if he is alone; 1a Transport
Going to want 8a touch the rule is ana dics, yes I hevalevda Transport:
The loss should be announced 00 u ne from the man who placed the man hava} Transportation Listeners
ana lyo clidaha la tukanave dhe. Oe weddings, Fo wells of Horses.
When he is in the land, he will be tired.
aida calling you, I mules and donkeys. It consists of four) ©
We yup! i. as we mentioned.
If he remains silent, he washes himself. And it's a lot of fun, as I said)
get lost with ease. 84 wash away an dhe cae I -
After a few years, J
yessensenu that net did not produce anything