62 Rule I I
ACE-Ciigg xXeer-Isa 63
It appears, and they are saying sad things
In this prayer, "Your words include the following, I
Tolkay, I was deceived
Hebel was my brother
And he died from me / Dhe paleyda Ade Imaca I
I didn't even kill you
Bill (aqvto) did not kill you
A hand on my shoulder killed me
And killed me with an aggressive hand, the Deaf is not a hand
Tolkayow today we have 1 —~ t™~”S
ii, atom * . ff ot
And tomorrow is just what?
You look like me. What is the value of f?
Get my brother back \J I
May God have mercy on him \J
cr May God help you
Oh dear, I'm going to the funeral: . Yeh
Iga p yw Mask aan Wadaye Cantan is called Gummud tyo Abbreviation.
Receive it from our brothers. ¢ Gummud is if it all goes away. I
If it is more than sens say hin ¢ resistance is if it is half cut off, it is the elbow before
Then wat che mr ay vidahdin is said to receive from him. If it is half cut it is called short.
Jeh's words of grief to 1): I Gummud ; If the hand is Gummud, the compensation is 19 halad.
His body is white © hie introduced the man who killed the next - He was made 15 years old with the missing hand, its fingers
The second song of 2 Of un that the plot happened was not one of the 15 members, each member was taken from one.
It is a conspiracy that is committed by a single person, so he is sentenced to 15 years.
° ao 180 sixth.
Hasha Funeral ivo hasha Achan
His idol was killed and the rumor is a witness that the man is short: if the hand is short, look at the board 00 qimay™
om fans No dispute will be paid. It didn't reach 7 hours, but it's more than that
Vee Barta: Barty if she's cut off
cut is 9 slices.
And in the cities in the same way; h hav I yr Karka: cam had oaks ‘ots i oh 3 members
The elders do the same. The font consists of tana} x pnood.
i s 2 « ’ : "4 a 4 hj... 5 my as I
Instead of A, if a member is separated, it is a. :
raasayehe instead of the funeral and A: I com one -_alramaysa member
4 I TOP Lk a. VO Awvanta cael lace y ee a il. ew wwe ener mIicniod wiengohHra¢whiVsdad At Wek Di
The committee always takes into account the members
9 LEE my fingers. The most expensive is the 00 finger without the 1 finger
At the time of the rule, nothing was more expensive than a camel
therefore it is calculated as compensation. There are 4
If it is counted as a sheep, it is 48th.