i
66 eo
Ner-Isa — Law of Ciise 67
> dar nun died gabr nunbutna getline". 100 his avaa Ja hivie a: : ANd meen
van Nan ounkegy garn maninina geline . 100 Kisit has been paid to the head of Deghalay and Midhigir
Except for the 15 halaad of Ahanka tyo hashi Dhagahsaar mH I -
of eating on the grave ivo hashi Aeuuea 171. , , -. . I
It's a good idea to leave the girl alone and not enter the date:
dd eh epee fi Be RL. WW fhe " Spt WUT ES LET CELT Le ‘Cl AVad Intag - irk: anuj ho: sacl y EFL {did re I- h rk: meni: I. es
Seca geehaw Rear unin wanlan lene I )#a Intag when the pudda was brought to us, the council that was injured
excluded. Reet can have it but he can't do anything about it
of Mee TL, She OLA . , I ,
- He's healed.
In the hearing of the men of the committee, he said
we EEE" - He is a leader and we will not exclude this man from his family
Macta haha sacee lek de fot a unless you agree.
When it comes to teeth, men have the most teeth on both fronts. Niaki veerkiiel let them say:
» If the foal remains one lane dec e. He is a tailor, we allow and exclude him, and look at us
> H sl tb rae tid to be dropped is 5 hours or 60 hours, count.
» In both cases 200) you are asked to pay 10 times or 120 times, the Board will allow it.
» If you are fired, you will be compensated ) a )
> Go to m; nike /2) but 30th. I Also, if there is a tubercular lesion, the committee does not leave him, man
xeerky a dhizae 'kaha', it is * paaad but 36 lahaad is like wy leh only. After healing, the wound may resurface
gay ukaha ragea up and down. It's late, and you can die for it.
The Dental Hearing Act states that the board does not
excluding head and midhiaur,
SE ESE TANCK is when the wound is a large and serious wound. Both parties
Women's teeth_ w: between them unless they agree.
In the case of women, I was shocked and turned off.
*, It is the most rewarding.
"Every wound is a hidden wound, and the hidden wound is sin.
Fagea fagea ivo ~ oe ' * Naa 9 halad but 60 lath. Puddi has left it as it is said:
) OH " WL re Wel Va LITT FA] AWE ne 2 4 5 ~ To * i ° r - A Tn I : eee me he cies h 8 L 17 1; 5 4 FY
™ Women's shoes are the same. - Head injury and Tuberculosis can kill you.
Haweer l from their old Uka Ivo pawsaha raga wine val . ,
Women's clothing is expensive. Men are the same, but _ I BS
mess “1aWhat did you do > I heard the broken
That's how it was done: Co
His feet are limping like they're doing all the work. It's a visible wound that hasn't been cut, and a bone is broken.
But if they are doing insults, they will make them soft, I am one of them.
8 They will bite the grass, "They will bite you, _ and I _— cray "Icke dulanad" 00
éamood and gawshu support each other and they bite, both of them I Article 1**: It is said about a man who is a Beysy, niqad, !
es Sefsan Katto, The smile and the smile tages on Sense abaya agile means dawee Tauxan ae ti ee tsa
! Life and rapoa are equal to each other. Article 9d. The victim brings a lamb, sagaa on us
I: killing you, killing someone who has done something to you
The one who did something will bring you a lamb on the next day
I am one, and he is slaughtering, and the one who is suffering is his legs
! doing.