110 Deuteronomy 11:11
I
Listen to Crazy People. I Listen to Asylum
I
1
F
Is he crazy? I Article 1°; Dolkaad or exile or displacement, it is an abati nation
LN ) I _ brought but brought an enemy, there is a rule to la
settle in a mutually agreed place. It should be hidden there
a. He is crazy about a man, and who is the man? : but the law does not allow those people! wherever he lives
And he is the man who was born. Article 2: If the refugees are killed, it is 2 days.
b. The man who was born the law made him to arrest and as I Because the country was killed, the wrongdoer's finger-
closed for ? And he is discriminated against. That's where the money is spent
A tree should be protected by responsible people while they are away. ,
This is done so that he does not deceive the people and the world. Article 3**: If a non-local person is arrested in the country
May he rest in peace and nothing will be done to him. But if he is released, he will not be killed before he is sent to the Senate
And he kills people because of that crazy man. It depends on your age. That person is not verified
It will be taken away from him, and what he killed will be taken away from him because if he has committed a crime or if he is walking. —
They are not stable, i I I Article 4%: The asylum seeker is not considered for religion, only for humanity
c. If he is killed, it is also 00 and he is looked upon, in that refuge, the man oppresses, in the country-
They said, "Why did you let the people go? Do not let them kill you."
have, and compensation has been paid. my voice is writing.
So the law made it difficult for insane people to be protected and punished
dhabo, so that people and animals will not be safe if it is given to me
let it go
yo stay at a loss, — ~ I I
It is also like a man-eating dog who has a man who is making money.
If it harms people or animals, the owner of the dog §
already fined. Second, compensation is taken from him, because
The law does not allow you to have a canine dog. )
1 I
E
I