oe Code-Ciise Code-Ciise 129
It is also said: The elders of the place are invited every time they fly
Peace makes a man water, and a man drowns. fs together. Men are being sent on a campaign, all over the region
and they are telling me that peace was born. And they are saying that
, The man she waters is the man who strives to hold on to her
harden. So "Break a promise, break it, don't break it."
. The man they are talking about is the man of conflict and spread I CO
Trigger 00 eventually dies by human hands. After that, the flight of peace breaks and breaks as the sign shows
7 / } When the peace is over, it is given a name. Every elder
Somalis also say: He advises his sons not to break the needle.
The man who rejects peace, except us.
Peace is also sweet as the song Eg
It was written by Jama Muse in 1994
_ Peace and peace, 4, news
Paradise Blessed, We take a short example of the vast peace
They share the same breast, Ciise and the Creation, their conclusion and their understanding
And the conflict, I got the name "Barran".
They are hot spots, I
It's serious. Many times when they were sitting in peace, they were arrested
The elders turned from all sides and both parties were upset
Let's get back to peace. First of all, men who have sincerely sought peace in their hearts and stomachs will be given an oath.
They were sitting on a bed in a milk garden, and after that, when she died, a man from Ursan gave her a short stroke.
Every six men swear by each other, something in their culture called
Iray Da'und.
and their religion they give each other as gifts: books, cows tyo I I 1 cone} 'La
parables. And if they are of different religions, it is a man's religion.
sworn to. I I I peace not only those who are in the west, but they are concerned
and break the peace, he said:
Hemo is killing Sumal and Sabeen. While the buttons are pressed
It's a blessing to me, wee! it is poured and planted } == aran cara magow baa
They are going to pay 6 for a man who is sitting in Cannes and will be entering the Cannes Film Festival on 09
They are taking the butter. ; Who will stop you?
Then the elders of the security forces, they are supported by 3 men on each side.
and a small land was built, Go pea cna ae peen I said to Corpar Fladalle, and he said:
called. Omar Hadalle, who was preparing the butter, came to Sumal and Sabeen, and he called
Let's break the poison. Markos bee is represented by the M sea t Cisthi sea da hoostyo =
¥, Hanging. I lived in a black mountain
Peace be upon you, ec