28 Xeorri
ACEF-Ctise Code-Ctise 29
T. Without rules, animals are bred. Animals are not animals
without rules, if the gof has no rules, it is no different from animals,
there must be a rule.
Proverb Code: kame. Hakumul hiowa horses I
Ramee Eerek; A. A rule is a rule. The bridle is the rope by which the horse is led.
Is it? His mouth is closed and you can't drive without you
The horse, and the bridle of the man, is a law. 1. A law is not bad or bad X. A law is a shadow and a bed, when it is said, it is a place to lie down, 00 It will not be passed! va kuu I . Fear, shadow I 2. A rule is a tree! The law is good for you and you are not afraid, the shadow of the sun It's a good idea. 1 Ce Waerbaa anit on daataras 4 YXeer Ja'at I is your protector, and Xeer protects you from revelations and evil. 3. Without rules, animals are born! You are the defender, and the law is harmful to evil 4. A rule is a rule! Kh. X 4 vo umbrella, in k 4 ital hay I 5. The law is a shadow and an umbrella, even if it is bad. eg 2 BO protecting cu. °. veer is a stoneless hilt ! ° yr and umbrella! D. The rule is that there is no stone, if the path is clear
Neerkw wuhnu yidbi: you are not lost and you are not stumbling in the wrong place
J like that. I CO » A man who wants your property will not be given your weapon, a man who wants your property >» Man your dead voc Ib. It is not given to the prophet. If you drop your weapon, you drop your property
A man who loves your death does not care about your weaknesses 4] Iakam baa lap day. ; I » A man in this country?, your lover is not told. Your weapon is being carried away. 'Ran. K 288 who wants your medicine is not taught a > Men leave your animals in your ears ha ea t oe Loe . 14 d. You want to run: > Rule w
Don't let him leave you alone. F. A man who loves your death is not told by your needs, a man by your death > Objection to the law is not above all. If you want what you want, why should you tell him about your needs?
4D EL Lal! ; fdd i Lua 1 d Wraana m.- . i: é ' j , 4 7. a 7 > Xeer iva xaniitha «, nd, and is anti-national. He has addressed your needs. - Y : yo rope is worn > Livestock wev in vear Litesn on I - I I — DL Deere > The law does not end with the law. Sh, a man who wants your country is not taught your medicine, a man you treat- > Xeer is a public holiday. You cannot resist the flood and it is stronger than you, your enemy
Xeer is your army and I will have dinner with you
I don't want dinner with you. You must teach your faith. 4. AerKu does not pass the needle of I, I aga tein. if you
A man who can pass through a mz and examines things with a needle.
Baa la yabdha ), Halla WO O° He caught him. (The man who pays the pot if you let the animals go has a reward for you, but you have a beard ) ). It is known from the hiatus that the law leaves no exceptions and if you leave it, I got it, he said. B, Xeer is a gerin tree, ocedka ier; : The rule is he 00 The earth is destroyed by the cypress tree.
UCMWKa KU nabanma lamana huilaalae I OEE Eel A ahh ae 4a4.% ae. I can't say I don't understand
It is, and it cannot be overlooked that the vast land of the nation and the country. No one can say they don't know
I Dell L ele ae dalla LOY Foret — nm i om oe. eee PE Leb cl belt “= °
: D00d! you can and you will fall. And the law is a law.
No, Acer is like that.
—————————— — i 7"