do
8) NECF-Ise I VXeer-Ise 83
when things are like that, the girl is not asked anything o9 I yj{lj ago and can't say what year it was, what happened
Her father informs her mother about the gift given to her daughter. That man's name
and her mother tells my daughter. But there was a girl who was called Raage-dheere. Before Rage comes to the papyadhi
This type of money causes controversy and she rejects it, but before her there was a girl who wanted to marry and her father came to her.
when her father, her father and her uncles exchange I 90 and an old man who owns many cattle with the other family. And her father
Tell me something, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me something
the girl agrees. ~} couldn't pass, when he seduced and talked too much, she told him
I I I Counted this loud song: I
Well we are in the girls tyo how to pay e, I wadg I Rage-dhere while I see
We know that people have different attitudes. The parents are like this - the camel's back is coming out
There are some who love animals, and they are called I Raasey.
"\6olo-Garad is the one that the townspeople say "Déntisuba is Laeag" Don't give up on the spirit he says.
So the biggest problem is added to the girl when her father-
"Nxoolo-Garad" who is an old man who is not younger than him.
come and say take all the animals and give me your daughter. Isnasi I was with the flock, after many hours of persuasion and persuasion
He quickly accepted the ban as the animal
He was angry because he was not able to do it
who is looking and does not care about the girl or her future. went out with the trunk. The daughter of Laahy's wound soothed him
I was healed, and the old man was taken away from him
When the 15-year-old girl refused, the 70-year-old old man named himself "Adar-Tuurwareen" and the girl was married.
try to seduce her, she will not stand up and she will be strong and strong.
oe ats 0° and ends mostly in the loss of a ; tr cemmanvihiin hawtake
) me ia dan, I = When a man and a woman get married, they sort out their activities
Another question avaa that I I are doing. The woman was kept in custody in her house
The girl has all his possessions, the man gave her to @flibavaa
Agreed, father 44 S00 did not come with me and do all the work in the house; en. 'Sagana Wie? We
The answer is "Yes" and eadds Will E2Ba Come? is the task, the general, the survey, well-shubt uy ch ou
"The girl did not know what the proverb said: a woman can do everything for him.
She falls in love with him, and she marries him. I bei :
We are not used to this country. Sil hateer es I yuKiBe and the family is working and talking ws ae aha i glo 00
including that the women are the ones who make the rural people prosperous, where women work: ss I na
go out, and it starts from there haasaaveb 'ae *y cya xa ; YY denies the crime is his own and it is A2orgne
We are pointing out that ach. te aaSawaha, is another evidence f Launa had Yo amm:
70 Doubts that the girl will marry the man. It's a job
He can put his finger on it if he gets sick
In the afternoon, when the girls give birth, the woman will give birth, because then it will come to you.
come and have sex with them and the men are there and the woman can't engage in work other than her work.
resulting from self-selection. Most of the money is saved,
ah the sentence, = == 008 Taking a real story f