I
216 Law of Ciise I — Law of Ciise 217
The source of the money is 15 halaad. I Saab and the soap and, also the soap
, OS I I The whole house is covered
When the three men went to Hiil-Gonnaale, they reached the destination. Three children can sleep in their seats
Siiveen, Hiil-Goonaale said - : When he gives you an order, stand tall.
I don't know if Gabayr sent me $06.
- Yes, she said. 7 I cut a song from a tape,
Then Hil-Goonna ale \ 'Idi God have mercy, Asomad Aden Caddle.
"Gayrow, a I
Men make you rich. These verses of the poem teach us about the needs of nomads
One who has a role to play in rural life, a
The one who has you is I _ °
We will introduce the methods and we will also take an example of this event to understand it further
But if you know the camel's place in the difficult life of our rural people.
Awrah his meat 1 bring I
And I will pay for it." I Sheikh Musa, have mercy on God, who used to be his center
I Ayshaca, who was buried at the same time, was reported by the team
So what is the use of the camel with such a beard and speech that on the day of the planets it stands on a big tree.
levaya ? It is a question that the people of this time can ask themselves in that city, He used to gather all the animals there
alive They grew up living in the city where people brought alms, mostly sheep. There is also the tree
It is not meaningful, as it has become with us inazanwas I — Aysha came that day and there were needy people who were waiting for alms from the Sheikh.
Let's highlight the importance of the camel to the world
osha of rural people. I and those who sell livestock to others who buy livestock. That's all
oe I} the sheikh used to stand in the middle, then he used to say: "Orphan
Awr is the backbone of rural life in general, the family I = Awr Ia' yaa 2" Isazoo calls out, what the Sheikh asks-
A person without a camel does not live in a separate place, because if he wants to J} No, these rural people who came to this place, if they know
He cannot travel to the city, if the family wants to leave the countryside they came from without a camel.
I can't graze, in general, the camel is the only thing for rural people
such as an ambush truck. Jama Musa Miicaad who attended this event said Do
"i - "IF I was there 4 days in the sheikha 00 min selling camels (12) two and
The benefits of the camel are given a good indication by the one who took it for ten weeks, and then the orphans 4 days.
bab aval vO the geraar they counted from the rappil before 1yo those who spread q = After that he used to give to other people in need.
alive, let's take this poem written by one of the men 7 re oa antyit
And his name is 1 S00 metin Srrau vithe one of ant ragB = I The good deed that Sheikh Musa used to work on
900 have a carrdurtend ete of Ay e , > 9 The efficiency of the camel is not limited to that, as we train lyO cars
I wks I wks I cargo come to our land in a single vehicle that carries something pray Waney
Then metaphor; ob aL y eg ge 4 was the camel, so the camel is sometimes used
He buried the empty metaphor, sitting on the ground "like an old man who said: ces
There is no need to stop, the head and the nose are found and the representative of Nikil Geetaara said yes.
Strap soohan belt ivo marrany
Ler, cakaareeve MERE 0 s
In lyO marraag, it was added € =" "ie al