206 Code of Ciise I Code of Ethics 207
They started walking again, at 8:30 a.m. The morning prayer, after a prayer, was as promised.
Minutes dated March 16, 2010, started from I was interviewed. An elder from Biyo-Bahay took the floor.
Bivo-Qabobe ivaduo this time referring to the place called Biyo-I = The words were summarized in three days for us.
Gone. And the people of Ashkir said: a
I. "Make a turban for a girl who is not menstruating
I had received from me Osow." I
% Effluent I
I 1 An old man from Gandihui called Dubbad Musa spoke and
After a while, the village called Dhurre said: I I
was turned towards the sunrise, 20 km while walking with I -
reached Biyo-Bay, where a large number of people, the leader of the group, crossed the border, that's how it is. (Marriage is another mat
Before us came those who were urinating and cutting the wilwil, they were appointed;
. ! The second one said three days, brothers and sisters, you are Ru
A place intended for the Chief and the elders who accompanied him when they were not allowed to stay.
The welcome games were held there. I don't claim other games, but we are tired of Ugas too
The day that was played in Biyo-Bay were the most beautiful people in the world! We passed s00, so it is
the sweetest of all the games that were played for "I you don't make us less active 00 you don't let us go."
The boss. Upon inspection you will notice that the location is ae 1
Where are the men who carry Ciise' necklaces in all the Inkast games
and the people of Biyo-Bahay insisted on staying with them, but they did not
culture. Biyo-Baya is a fertile place with plenty of water. That's when they got together
At the same time, it is a place with many trees in the forest.
The rain pupa started st flican at this time. (Ski Ree OF I like
oo 7 I On the eighth day of 17 March 2010, Ugasa
The people of Biyo-Bay have been preparing for a week as they came and the elders who accompanied them left Biyo-Bay, this time Ue.
They would welcome the Chief, and their intention was to eventually head to the city of Ciise Center in Diridaba.
The chief and Ganda are with him for three days, but the family of I I 4 tha kn vaalla oo av ka
Water was on a special duty and it is the area of Ugasa I - While the messengers were going to the villages on the way rn "vag
would give. The reception area for six Somali houses is Dhuurre and Har mukaale public live ™
Pahiseee built a house for Ciise, and one of the chiefs welcomed him warmly and they were very happy.
4
Claade dae eateen the days with the guests to be operated. I , I on on Toaas ivo
Afternoon prayer when Jac a left the aedesues oe ln duraveray 4 Outside the cities of Diridaba when they reached Ugas av
After dinner at the camp, he told himself after a prayer.
deed, was discussed. Yes. It is headed by the head of the administration.
He said: - "It's a night, it's a night."
Herve, as our snag ety is not open to talk, but we have to I — not
Dear Mr. Aace' vt Dane Abdi
OO SIGH ayn badal kw ibo belay" - 1} former Somali Autonomous Region of Ethiopia Mr.
{ _ Gabriel Boobakar.
. i