202 XCCF-Call Ciise-Cuse 203
The preparation of the leaves has been going on for a long time.
In front of the house is a huge canvas that is difficult to live in. U. asks.
planned for the inauguration ceremony of the 19th President of Ciise I, the number of elders accompanying them alone is 250 elders. Rock asa
In front of the sails and in front of the Ugas' residence, many vehicles were blocked during the night. Protect the security forces
In the early morning, there was a lot of games going on and they were trying to drive away the people who were reading the book.
without interruption. {They were throwing a lot into the air
_ Treat me well in difficult circumstances. Sayla On the other hand, a large part of the public has lined up for the party and they agree that it is difficult to continue to prosecute these maps.
where the Ugas resided so that they surrendered to him, so they decided to kill the Upas and the elders.
in Bogor. [while standing in the rows, there was an accident- I — fabuut.. )
a book and a book born from the majority of the people, therefore. —
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Djibouti I % Djibouti
A large delegation led by the Prime Minister Mr
Muhammad's killer. On the side of Somaliland, the leadership ("Mars 2010") was announced at 2 o'clock in the afternoon
She is the Minister of the Interior. In Ethiopia, the minister came from the city of Sailac on his way to Djibouti.
tight and tight. On the 10th, the inauguration ceremony was officially held.
It started with the Upasku LO and min
It was imported from the Selel region, but it was returned
After looking for a chair, when the Chief came in, he placed it and was seated. }
Nihil, applause, tarhad tyo games were welcomed by every gof I I
He was there and wanted to open his eyes. The head of the guest house next to the President's office has been set up.
I I Most of the elders who accompanied them were accommodated in hotels. 7”
After the chief sat down in his designated place, the ceremony began with the President of Djibouti, M. Ismail Omar Guelle
image! It was opened with verses from the Qur'an. I was honored at the President's House by an elder who was with him
First, Adan Hassan Adan (Beleloo) is speaking on behalf of the organizing committees of Diridaba and Jaboun. Had lunch-
The name of the organizing committee that led the event did not speak.
made a summary of the site. A little later, Adan was raising Ugasa.
they did. So the prayerful pope from there, J staaf welcomed the Saaq community in Djibouti.
the people said to me: evday aero! OO Funtll aad 0 ey by 1 on, da sharafiaa an they took from the general sultans and
Go ahead, the people who came from Somaliland and one of them was Muhammad.
The boss from S00. Giver Tmdahie - tladda aya a little hotter? No Warsame (Hadramoi) and Noam
the house where MaAlyCy Madasnit resided and was taken to Ganrriye), I j I