i
34 Code of Ciise I Code of Ethics 135 His rule is also killing: . The loss of the man was a great burden on the family » The man who creates fear in the whole nation, he was born because he is 9 years old, he is a victim of what he is drinking and » The man who kills people, while he injures their capital, I Fe » The most cunning man. I - I. I 7 The families who were asked for compensation gathered the twelve houses When the man from the family he was born from came to Ciise' mother with hundreds of money, and they asked her to take care of the current burden, In this consultation, there is a question about the problem of the nation of Cisthit, which is led by Ugas Hassan Hirsi. Havo ku ivo so far the damage he has caused. The reward is paid with the mountain, and so is the reward for the cross of Ciise Oe I = all he gave. and : When it is recognized, it is called; "I'm bringing you the plague prevent it". Then they are separated into men who capture or kill them, } = After that they are separated into men of Baladon's relatives who capture them. Such a man is killed by the first wound. the man's closest relative, after that the nation is there in the village of Harawa (Shinile region). It is said: I "Such a man is paralyzed." I 4. The fourth man was nicknamed "Parashuad". He was
I Yonts Moses, Reer Kuul. This man killed four people The number of men who have been killed in this way is five men. He was innocent, and he swore to other men in their family I 00 also has a name that will kill. 1. The first man to be interviewed as far as I can remember was a dangerous man.
walking without tiring,
was your brother. They were killed or wounded where today if Dint-Dhaba is mentioned tomorrow it will be Dikhil and Djibouti.
La Vidhaa Curve 00 between the water and the residue is indicated. belonging to the Shinile region of the Somali region.
Ethiopia 7 I — I z. The second married man was Yonis Moses, Reet Kuul. I Although he rejected the nation of Jlif and Jagob, finally a trap
He was killed in Adalay in Las-Hadahad (Shinile region) - he was laid to rest and was brainwashed at the scene.
from the south side. I Tooma, Shinniile region, near Dirir-Dhaba. The two men at the time of his death, what was the date and what was the problem? Ecysteen has not seen anything to tell us. But there is a consensus that I was called Kahiye Ali Buux, Mamasan, Reer Igaal. To be executed together I t This man killed a brother who was younger than him a ue I tray Gorod Ali Full. and - , 5. The third man who was killed was the man called I. The time when this murder took place is about 80 years ago.
Osman Roble Dharaar who was nicknamed "Ba/adoon". It is said that the reason he killed him was, Gorod 00 ka name Yemaccadant anayd is the beginning of 1900 eighties: I I I to be together.