40 Laws of Ciise Laws of Ciise "
A man cuts, a man presides.
She is devoted to a man, and she is devoted to a man.
In this matter, God and the Prophet are not men.
And he enters into secrecy and habit in Ja'an. Zoe Pp n
A listening ear, a listening ear for the nation
Have a look -
Testimony and testimony.
Take testimony and faith.
Support support. CH
It is very important. Article 1: Let the world be between us.
Transmit transmission. Let's not be oppressed by each other
Lengthen the length. between.
It's a mammoth. :)
Finish finish. There is a fine of (12 halad) 00 for the family that tolerates a guest
Is it bias protection? If the host, the host's family invades
He prevented haste and delay. He will fight and protect you, and if he dies, you will not be harmed."
A man who favors 1 and a man with bad knowledge is removed. why? It was put in the martt, that's what Wasa _ "_
Liars and liars are expelled. Therefore, it cannot be said that 00 is t a yes
"Ciise is not a guest, nor a refuge." So
What is in the eye of God. = Which means that Ciise is speaking to himself, but he is not a member of another tribe
YVixil IU contained in Allah. 5
The old man who is in the world rules. There is no such thing.
A long needle was examined with I Hew] Ihioea ha lo
Look at Article 2: Jiesin, it is said that people who are poor are imprisoned.
° and will be sent to the community of Ka Koo
The child is suffocating after eating water.
First of all, loog and lis are poisoned; lougey vada Matias weds
vahay, amhin, lisna waa Wwase malay ect, Ummad aN wan yes
It has one and a breath taken from it, two holes. Oh yes
The nation is paying for it. That's how it is
"You guys
and let there be no sin between us. vidi is not
It's what the nation has put together, and it's called Wee
Get out people.
Article 3: It was said that we should live together and that is what happened
The country is divided among the nations that have made laws.
No one can say that this place is special. Thus it is said:
"Ciise has no difference between a well and grass.