, OE
60 Ciise' Rule 6
During the Testimony
The person testifying must be between 20 and 90 years of age, and he must
A small fortune is a maatl. If he is over 90 years old he will die.
A woman carrying a child can also testify
A boy is not like this, when she swears, she swears tyadoo
She carries her faith on her back, she does not tell lies and she is her child
If you don't have a witness, an oath will come because it is expensive.
TH ai: The party to which the claim was made was called wu I; Spoe 7
4&. A. Swear or swear, if he refuses to swear, he has to leave. Evidence like this is the blood and the like. The lawsuit
But the blood is worth it. If not, take an oath, as if it is simple, any adult can open it.
And the oath is not an easy oath, there are difficult points in the oath of testimony.
in the blood. -
ea, any worm in the environment or any tree is taken
He does not swear by a responsible party but by wise men. and only the people who live in that area are selected by a panel of judges,
Because they know how important the oath is. W, gata Do owe ys
The legend says: ) mS He is the chairman of the ul-havaha of the region. What is impossible is impossible
"Don't swear, don't bring blood." The main council of the European Union (Gandah) is taken to the central council
It is Siti as mentioned earlier.
Gartan's testimony will be taken in the regions where the committee will take it while it is there,
_- why pray for money, illavn will not take long
What does the witness look like? can gartuyer
Rodob ar No crazy person enters the maragea. Their finances come and go from both parties
vgn eant does not enter, and because of albi nugyl they do not enter _‘o ca
nor. There to identify CCR UOT Te addi uu
Article 4x4. Bene cannot divorce her husband. I Bed oud Pe abadaa 0 wh Soa keno, pata is cutting You.
Article 5@: The man who is known as fn is not allowed to enter. one of them circumcised st qarsoodt al uge Mew gee a
—_ entering. We know that he is a pubbo receiver
Chapter 6: A man who is outside the limits of Fagea, does not commit suicide, but kills a man.
Rodob 8": No single man has won Cor and he will go to the city. The funeral and the funeral will be taken to Ahanka. © Y X'S
na Ta Baleyo maragea- They know me from the other side with great sadness on their faces
) know and come from