6 Ner-Ciise Code of Ciise q
The rules that have completed the center of Ciise are known as the Hectka of their own accord. We are taking an example
At the same place where Siti was sitting, there were songs and songs sung by Somali men. First of all I don't
Bayey, the 44-year-old man was named "Gandhith Usaha.
00 # in the place where the governments are in the Supreme Court and the Council is called Irey_ "Gurraase Naji Ali Hirsi O Reer Gronakhay aba,"
Distorted high." In general, for the benefit of the whole nation, he said:
was being judged. Tawfiq Ise-Moobibi
I I I French Italian
At the end of the 19th century, when the use invaded the land of Tentho Reer Berberad and
The Somali nation suffered a great loss, and the Turks ruled
It was adopted by the English, Ethiopian, French and Italian. Amharic Suspect
A man to be consulted.
1934™ when the false boundary that divided the Soo-I Land was drawn
all day long. Narunti Siti tvo most of the land of Ciise is We are also quoting a poem written by a famous poet
received a share for the Ethiopian republic. As soon as the borderline lies, the name of Abshir Farah Noor is mentioned
The Nabashi colony was attacked by an attack on the "I Hehir-Baddle" center. Abshir wrote this poem in 2000
Gendu was ruling the nation, luckily that was when the Somali reconciliation meeting was going on in the city.
got the news, then the center was empty, every man joined Carta and said:
He woke up the people of Kusil and what happened after that was not said.
yes
Have a good time and put it in place. And it is the greatest injury that the world has inflicted on us men, they did not remember us
reach the Xerem, but despite the loss of the EU administration, the Jury of the Horn of Africa, selected
Acerka is practiced in both rural and urban areas and there are edu.
appointed (44 Elders) when necessary, the Elders are called lawyers.
that separates people when they are in trouble. They are not ashamed of what they think is right
oud And they are forbidden to favor a certain place
Finally, in the back pages of this book, we can't help it.
Let us bring the brave men of this nation to the rule of law and no one is ashamed of it.
Judging some by their behavior, honesty. And the Law of Ciise as taught, say it in the best way.
as they were acting. I
nA He is also one of the men who praised Isasa Xeer as a poet
When it comes to bravery, most of the people think of a warrior called Salah Hashi Arab, a writer, who compiled a dictionary.
The men in this book were men of peace. Somali in 2004" and said:
y. .. and ) I Saban the previous one
There was "Richard Berton" who is an explorer who relies on experience
His book called "First fot sep in Paar cdfen, eae that the Society knows
Cee 2 says "First foot steps in Bast Africa, 1856" written by the community.
Ciise is a vigilant and independent people, "A turbulent race of those who are absent from the world."
Republicans". Other Somali tribes regard Ciise as Hagar and suspect