1R? XCET-Ciisp 1 Code 183
} The next day, 21 October, when the dawn broke after prayer.
Haji Musa 00 speaking on behalf of the Gulane family took the floor.
I = The pilgrim said "that. The chief was transferred as needed
- won ee of Fe I Ciise to come to the family and the custom dish to be delivered
The work of Aano 1YO Addin I Bogorka before the inauguration of Sayal. However, it's a brownie
} Haji, today because of the current circumstances, preaching and drought
This task was not good for us,"
f = After that, the authority was taken over by Cuisihit to decide
\ I N [ It is customary for the President to pass the country and the people, in the process of the President's activities. When it was picked up, it was the same
/ There are also other activities that I realized that the law allows the Chief to sit for at least 6 months.
¥ Old VW, like milking animals from 00 or more! Mille area. A big city Ugas lama
from named families. The goals and the philosophy behind it - take me to where Sailac is being developed. When menstruation and
These issues cannot be summed up in this article, but there is a law that should be completed to bring the family and the family together.
sure that. Based on the tradition that the Chief can be sent to a city like Dirida, before that,
The elders said that it is an old tradition and the animals of the Father of Ciise are clear and obvious. Therefore
given. It is also part of that philosophy that the community works together.
the Ugasa and that the rising age should be made aware of this culture
00 to live with them to report further. I t . -
I Laxdii Dharo - Nirgaale
Hashi Goda - Bareentu I On Nov 19**,
In 2009, the tour started again
Duadi ¥ I was guided by the head of the family and the usual rituals and activities
When Joseph's prayer was delivered, he returned to the Hassan family with milk and whites.
Reject Ugas Mustafa's needs. That's when they re
What happened was that Ugasa was handed over to Saad Musa; First, Haji Roble Waays, the governor of Gandaha
Gulan family. I ° os I am accompanied by Omar Farid 00 a man who is a teacher at the same time
- a {I investigator went on a survey to inform and at the same time
On the night of October 20, 2009, the Gulane family met with the families of the Ugasa family as usual.
S00 was taken by the famous old man Geelle Suge Dharaar. Camel } — Aaji Roble Waays and Omar Parid Balan & Oe cks Uoaas u
He sat in front of the head of the dairy and said: I was contacted by the family of Hassan Gadidshe ab, it is Wer BS
We milked a milky yanree from the hasha called 'Goda'. : lisa "Sheep's Clothes", and the next day the delivery arrives
p vaheadian is veeeaa geal aan aa ; beh cen § peak Com j became,
God bless us" NUE WAE NOG ES) EOS I 21" Nof. Haji Roble who was the Governor of Gandaha
TD laans ch oe eceoska Teaaeka avaa Ditidaba met with the qat ka
Ueaakii I ae I who is the spokesperson of the Ugasa has Jif sata. those 00 U
Bemillah vei t0ad# hands on the ground and iatww ff one of Gandini and the committee of Ugaske *0 OT was killed,
He said three times the milk, of which there were 12! An old man who continued his work