Code of Conduct I Code of Conduct
area, cut three: I also among the Naadhka tyo vorotla 00 mmar when your animals
If the egg passes through the womb and the woman sews it, three sheets; I - 1 am, if you think about it, it will be taken away -
If the family is staying in the hotel, the family will be happy! Fulaan O00 you are cute take it a la sy a bun keenive "
He brought him back to his family, Seb YD RSETRILAY U S09 I "Gar hebelo that feast, let me water the animals and bring a thousand.
Dudday is staying at all three and getting into her business. : Vac
And I 7 \ A special magazine was made for all these, because they were
Hadith Jhedaa will be reported to the committee. lyaga I All this is mag ok an r ahna as a rule oni ah loop I
If it is three times the reall "Jat vahav. x the law to do something social. Examine what the family: so it is a separate law
He is looking at where the family settled, because the man is from Meavay. Diriti is a valley, not a doc.
baa cee " where he was, he took me, he made me : Driri is a valley
If he hits you, he will kill you.
First the official is interviewed. That man is from I
looking at two things, if he is pushing g00 and something is Allah
A man who is close to the woman he is flirting with but does not give anything, if that I
found is released from napta. If the second one is traceable, I
00 he is jealous and that one does not live 00 he is not released
the woman, which means she is divorced. Because he is not conscious.
A proverb says: It is not observed, it is not listened to.
No questions asked where you were doing, no women
He says, the person who speaks in such a bad way is not a family. If you
It does not count and is ignored.
If the woman commits a crime, Ithira Ja'an etc. will be given away
debt. Gogol d
I am very sorry for all the troubles in the family
If she comes with him, he is released from the family, he is divorced. I
Family oriented rules include -
* Agal if it is attacked 00 I will destroy it
You don't have it, and you don't have 100 if you put it there}
If the circuit breaks, it's mag. Magtaa which is 7 times.
The shoe box is the most expensive, because the camel is sold separately
The shoe, if the shoe is lost, the most compensation is the shoe.
He was brought but the compensation was not paid as he was sorry.
The things I know about the Chex are in the larger community and in the family
What the community has to say is that I
raha Cu rane Weer er ta edis I om ies a _ _ we 1 aa a I
And the food, the food is cooked for the guests. I
It's a place where guests are taken to Heedho-Baladha.
Be part of the list of guests who are invited to stay at SOO