FI to organize the following activities. When Haji Robok sat down after praying, he prayed again The elders do not know each other. When I visited the village, first of all the elders prayed for my boss. There seems to be a reluctance on the part of the elders. Begging me to make him Chief; Chief of peace, Chief Roble,
, . . Ugas Khayre. The prayer is for all the elders present After that, Haji Roble Wacavs, fulfilling the rules of praying and praying, and the drought was greatly reduced. He worked hard to build a committee that would benefit all of them. J — prayed. I i If Ciise takes you on his journey, follow him immediately families to be cared for. When the time was 8° in the morning, Ugas and The elders who accompanied him left Nirgaale, and shortly after On the 22nd of November, the committee escorted the Chief. left' Mille tyaga towards the place called Nirgaale 00 w then the family we were going to live in is the Hassan I family; know Gadidshe who gives the Chief "Sheep's Clothes". Chief Abbihit Sa'i Leefa - Aadda Muhammad Ibrahim and other elders in Mille also I joined the delegation. In the month of November. On 23, 2009, the appointment was for the Chief f accommodation at the place where you will be living in Aada or El-Aadaed. On the road We arrived at the family's place in Nirgaale at six o'clock. t teeta Aaddu passes through a village called Jalelo. All the people made us very welcome. Aqd-I,
A beautiful new Somali was built for Ugas and brought to the people of Jaleelo.
He brought me closer. } The new chief coming to their village whether it is nasitb or not f people
are very long. So they decided to
When we prayed the evening prayer, the elders of the Hassan Gaditdshe family did not pass the Ugas that day and they were there. And their decision They prayed for him. Ciise also prayed for the family. The governor of Gandaha who is in Welt Mille informed me about it. The prayers were mostly prayers to God for rain. ae that the drought lasted on the people. oe - I } went out escorting the Chief. The time was 10 Before reaching the evening prayer, the elder of the family, who is the father of I and 30 children, went to Jaleelo. Haji Ali Gasle Haji Obsiiye Waberi, Calmly in front of the Chief: I wa . -q laou escort sat on him 00 with both hands like a milk jug. Inti § _ Jaleelo received the widest welcome in Ugasa The chief did not hand over to the field and the pilgrim said : ] there came before him young men and women, elders CAP - God bless this milk and I will bring it from Jahde named La Yidou dressed in traditional white clothes. People s1 naan Clothes, it is a sheep whose interpretation comes from the animals that I inherited from him.
Pbeheen Sheikh Ciise, the 18 Ugas before you were 4 years old. Beautiful girls wear Tage® Gm "Horse
And we have gathered a thousand of you, O God, cross us." Ant I The chief then saw nothing that could be imagined in that place that day. He grabbed the bisin and he sat ex poor rain. It's just over.
That night many sheep were slaughtered for Ugiss® ye. Then the Ugas yo during ln is Ne oT And the people who were with him, they did not leave the village.