;
4 . 3 vee 105 104 Acts of Ciise I — Acts of Ciise Vv dates I bho avaa nation nu dhava. I tta is standing in anger and it gives life to you 'Which one? hone " in I Dine there are also birtmagey, the first animal ce female 1. This is the well we mentioned. I ida nirgaha, the calves, the float Pi the esemaah, for * the float . It is the internal streams. the first place where peace is xl ay0 ae - ul 'lone aw 'A 3. The bugs are not inside. I'm the one who's the one who's the one who's the one 3, DUGANOOVIN KA TNE & one who goes into the things where the snake lives like donkeys and , , Noe erm draeduie Teak I: cathe ie the waveel that cannot be killed is forbidden and birima- These three are the same rule, the stream and the stream of God have made a mistake in the flock, because the one who tries to destroy it is the one who will be destroyed. His nation no one can claim, and the wayer is the hedel of nations [Take me to the places : maatiau an ahasoo all are iron 8 evo. What is left in the past cannot be claimed, the man is still in possession of I — so the law leaves nothing, ami is broken. There is a rule that binds me
Birigaydo's ears
All women, whether young or old, are!
They cannot be killed, if they fly twice they will be killed
It's a gun, not a noble, it's what the law says.
And the men who are not matured are Birigaydo and it is called it
They can't kill poisonous snakes, and killing them is forbidden by law
It is not a shield. The rule set the current for the enemy
Attacking you and killing you with scissors and machetes, the law does not allow it
to take revenge on the children, it was already said:
"A child does not suffer from an enemy", I
Whatever kills you, a non-believer or a Muslim, is yours
ad
His death is not a crime, and our law prohibits defamation.
A person who kills a person is called a person who is not a person
A bad name follows you there, the legal man
foo! I will not do such evil, the people who take refuge in you are also me
There is a proverb that says:
There is no place, no name."
The man who violates the asylum is subject to strict rules by the society and ff
given as a name killer, there is also Bitimageydo of the game of the country. ff
why? It is a stock of animals that he owns, during the day of conflict
It is only open to you if it catches you but it finds you in drought
00 It is X0010 public, it does not belong to anyone. And the spirit is his own
act the Act did not set and refused.