I
194 xX COr-Ciise I Xer -Ciise 195
young men and women from Las Hadadah and f When the Chief of Staff came to the city with the elders
Aysha. There was also a group of singers, who were well received by the crowd.
Dressed in 00, the site presented a tight and happy game. Many of the people wear tight clothes
songs. Some of the elders who were with the chief informed that they were dressed in uniform. Since it was uploaded to this site
The long history of Siti is said to be the place where Sheikh Musa's shrine is located.
which was the center that was used to manage the affairs of the Usha colonial people who welcomed the leader. The position is in front of him
before. At 12:00 noon, they came down from Mount Sit, and the leader stood there.
The elders who accompanied him, then Las-Hadaadh which is 6km 00 and finally Wilwile ended with the intended reception.
Siti went with her. I entered Bogor and the senator who was escorting me. I
; And I = At night, the Chief was welcomed to his house.
® Las-Hahadadh } the water of Ayshaca. When the dawn broke, the people once
The second started the games and the demand for Ugasa.
The chief and the elders are all in the downtown area.
Las-Hadahad was laid down. After the midday prayer, there was a large flow of people who had come from the city of Diridaba to
had lunch. Hadhimadui of Las-Hadahad had a lot of camel meat.
That day there was a constant wind in the city
and I - -
160 of the people who followed Aysha Ugas on that day were 160
My sister; Elder I, the whole of the organizing committee of Diridaba, head of it
The three tyo 45 minutes came out while heading towards the Somali Autonomous Region of Ethiopia and the former governor of
Ayshaca 00 from 25km. - In the Somali region, Abdi Jibril Boubakir and other men
} took a great deal of action in the capture of Ugasa 19 aadl.
% Ayshea I On 25*' Feb, 2010, 10 and 40 minutes left
a I the city of Ayshaca while escorting Ugasa. For safety
Ay Shacha is a city with many historical memories, located in a place where there is a lot of wealth.
Cen en podorooyedi Haile Silase's feet that I Inti.aan la guada Galil 00 in ha al Seo dua
ivo big, Hasuans Pet KY lived with a small father in Ethiopia, it was passed through Aclay od them 00 not U
I'm not. After that, the city disappeared. f on the road. People like "hina" stood up
It is based on maqam or mawlay oy ne, and mages I
4am or a mawla named after Sheikh Musa. f