¥ 228 Ner-Isa ] Code-Isa 299
When Abdalle stopped at the family's place, he was shot from behind
The man came after Puruma. Abdallah did not leave the men. Where are you from?
They answered: I
. "We have come after you so that if an enemy finds you in your dbicinny I . We will save the mother and the child with you," rs Aa d an Cig 9 ql The rescuers also added: — ae - "In this way, we have saved Rx $00 for supplies
We do not carry children." "4 Abdalle, who always had a motto for his followers: "Wakasha Sadan Igaal was a hero, a supporter of his nation.
I have not given anything!" he led the men who came to his rescue. And the elders of his time set the law for his time
He invited the two camels to the house of the mother and her house. Besides the boss, he was the only man among the 12
shipment. When they had dinner, the mother, her child, whom they called father and trusted, went with a man.
oe aqalkceduba Wasa brought the food to the house. When {I © used to respect 00 pages of a man and if he came out somewhere he sat
came home and then the family decided that I - they used to get up, he said that there was no sitting instead of sitting.
Abdalle's reward for the two camels he hosted the men, I } — Lg 7 I There was a meeting during Adam's reign as Ciise
* The third incident that happened was. I - When Jaisu arrived, a group of non-believers were present. The room
re I 7 SO they were surprised on that day 00 they were greatly shocked ec Adan abbant-
who penetrated into the history of Abdalle and his achievements are also respected. Koladil wanted to Upas and
Yes, there was a war between the two
Now, in that battle, Ciise killed Adam. Then they said to the Chief:
took Gallawi (Oromo) men. In that battle, which was very hot, I. "Are you in control or is Adan Igal in control?"
It started around midnight and continued until sunset, and the chief gave a brief answer:
abdal / oe _ "The man who is the father of the 12 people in every tree is Adam, I
vabdall took a prominent part in that war. They pray for me in that battle.” * said they ran away when the fighting intensified. Abdalleoo I — They also reported, ragpil taani'cids I ACES YR
On that day, he will jump from one side to the other with his sword and his spear.
Alawidit was brought to his knees and finally the enemy was defeated. I also made a promise to Ciise for peace
One day, when I was about to go to a meeting with him, there was a man shouting in the middle of the meeting
Abdalle mash oe M2 ebaye that day he was killed by a man who thought that Afari had invaded 06 "Baca os ana He revealed the slogan that he had 3A. I believe in a fight" gs was revealed to me, Adam was shouting at a man who did not listen. a. ot a I - I "Who took the camel?" I BE
These instructions are not included in the RECN
said 00 tt ku tm ory 322 Abdalle Aaggane logic inn re
Deprived of courage. 8 What is it? yes oe hut Sethi, Valitelatiee eal — UCU a gaa