4
174 NLCK-Ciise Code-C use 175
} holding Mustafa Mohamed Ibrahim wearing a white robe and hat
} Broken. Around him were the elders of Joseph and the Hassan family.
i
According to the law, Mustafa was removed from Nahasha by the 1st Chief Ahmad Abdallah
On the 19th, the capture of an old man named Adan-Lagag, Saad Musa, from the Gulane family.
/ I = then the old man! Chawade 00 said:
I 2 "Blessed be Ugas kpayrre fe
I \farkasaa "C'aas Rhayrre !" said together,
L It was laid to rest by the elder Hassan Gadiidshe, from the Adan Hassan family
% The messenger whose name was Guhad Aden Farah, when Mustafa
sat gundhatihit.
SN on the moon 2" Sep. It was 10 o'clock in the morning, I
A = The head of the committee held a press conference at the center.
A Radio and TV. in the city of Diridaba. The committee called Ahmad Abdullah Gadid, then the old man recited many prayers.
From there, they confirmed that they received av and agreed with the Chief
All this work is done. Then they added, that after that, all those who were present in the place of Usihit put their hands on their heads
They will die the next night, but the new Chief Mustafa Mohamed Ibrahim did not remove me from that place
nominating evidence. I ft Upaas Waqays, while announcing
; f - "Blessed Ugas Kbayrre!*
On the night of Ramadan 13, the committee held a meeting with I I a
Mustafa's father Muhammad Ibrahim Ugas Waays and their family. That night, there was a lot of joy at the celebration of the Chief
The elders informed the group fully that night that Mustafa was finished.
It is August 19 that Ciise agreed with. I bey ys
They said that the next night of the 14th of Ramadan, they would fast in the morning
In the month of Ramadan 14 (3% Sep. 2009) after the prayer,
They will do it so they must be prepared. - As promised, I was brought to the house of the Bogor people, sl loo
I aki Dies D. Oe I was escorted to Gobut Gugumad or Gelle Absilye
14 In the month of Ramadan, which was a Thursday night, we went to the place where the committee and Gandhi were sitting. When it's time to tell
Upas people to monitor the activities of U gas. That night at 16:00 in the morning Mustafa 00 was escorted by a fleet of cars
There is an immeasurable amount of public support. } Send app from the app.
I entered the garden and passed through a small room
and 17 seconds it celebrated cn ree I Mule
I qs! the festival has officially started. Both Heas and those who escorted him
First of all, the elders of the Hassan family left the house where we were sitting.
Gadid oo Yeesif' Geddi-Galt h rune said Ahmad ic "lid I bannesnke SELON, ae cee a welcome and see
, asan put on the turban in the morning) and the hand of the new leader, the people are wet leaves "ulay2 ©
I
1