» So the xcer does not stipulate that the poor animals should be returned
I think he paid for the girl who died?
we ' The law states that if the daughter of the husband died
— i a H MY chakeheh 4 ; qe ‘ee ce ee a cae é a ee
Hig Slinta I did not give birth to any children to return his animals or carry a succession.
: But if they give birth to children, livestock will not be returned, and
~— Jagu said that she brought you a bigger animal,
I =» Another question that arises is if Algsintu is carried
YW If a man wants a girl and he pays a small amount of money for her, will he pay a small amount for her?
I am a mother who is built for 00 he is allowed to enter and they are family sever in xiouiinta vared leva histen roa
If they have children, if the answer is no, there is a rule that the sequence is a little bravo.
If the woman who comes to Allah and dies, there is a rule that she should be given to him, but the man who was married to the girl has no responsibility.
00 xigsumo is built for the younger girl. I am
° Let's go down there and now go to Dumalai.
» If the elder who gave birth to the daughters rejects it, but the daughter is followed - I)
She does not refuse, how to do it?
Most of the elders do not deny that the man whose daughter died
For the little girl, they do it in several ways, this is me
First of all, if the ex-girlfriend left behind children
Become a mother and take care of her like no one else can
There is no growing up. I
It is the second thing that he is rooting for my love
He had a fist fight with the married woman, and it is something that is difficult for him
"The people of Somalia, if he doesn't do that, I will
It has a bad reputation and is nicknamed "Hebel Nidid-Goo".
where ». 40nNO Sashi
I was, how to do if it is marked I
Why the man that the girl died from? . I
It is possible for him to marry ec the mec pe
dhalar aa pa th to bring the tree to odeigegit the girl I
Oa 00 he needs to be returned to the small animals he ec from I
given by the girl who died in kol had 4; oaks aha ce wu ka f
Se SEUmatay sticks, KO! if he is denied the succession of his rule