4 Laws of Ciise Laws of Ciise 5
So, as we have reported from the elders, in the period of Xeer
Ciise was buried when he was moved back to the countryside
The Islamic government was destroyed. Dr. Ali Muse Ciye, the book he wrote
Govoldhig called "Le verdict de farbre" is also going, much investigation
LOS OldnIs after the ousting of Xerue Usaha during the collapse of the government
After Islam, Ahmed Guray.
Speech and all that is agreed upon in the Code of Conduct
(It is said that the Somali people who live in the Horn of Africa are a complete family in the place called Siti near Ayshaca,
(_N Ica known to the Somali people living in the Horn of Africa is between Djibouti and Dir-Dhaba. The period of the elders there
They are nomadic herders, and they are divided into many tribes, and no one can fully explain the rules they set.
&_/ and they belong to the land, during the rainy season if ae ~
If they spread to one side, they will be fed together if there is no conflict. Why is this rule needed?
They are equal, each party has a leader, since there is no government and the people are independent
Goont, such as Ugas, Bogor, Sultan, Garad and the like, the need for an agreement is evident. The elders
The Somalis had their own set of rules.
which was ruled by Islam before and after. Someone who said: "Where there are no rules, there are animals."
It is not possible to have the rules that Somalis used to rule themselves in Islam.
before the articles it contained. The elders also said that it was brought about by the establishment of the law
crete oe to get out of four problems;
Allign Isl
peace in the Horn of Africa in various governments. 098 ane ouaste
Built in the bay, the Islamic law was followed as the travel > Invasion
Teach us. I 7 I > Kill —
The Islamic State in the Horn of Africa, which the Hogegaminavev ocesici / SF bac ot bas charravaan antka but the people
On the foundation of Aftika, which was led by the hero Ahmed, these points are explained in detail, but the people are
Gurey finally came in and broke the habit of first being greedy, then flying, then something.
Portugal and the rest of Europe. In 1516*# he killed Sailac, and then something happened and to keep the six shoes
Some others have hijacked your city:
Vue eee oa what Kale 00 ieee captured the courage of Sigodra > the blood
Portuguese for long velign: This is used for long
00 all, the boats paracsign oc ech oe tO Somali gods » culture
with foreign partners, Mapaloovinkii aeckat on Conse oma > dlaulka
00 Saylac usu dalwes of the coasts of the Red Sea in Somalia I eee AA
mie', and the oldest ic was moved, 00 was moved to the Legislature Committee that was sitting and the number was 44
He is an elder who was selected from the 12 Houses of the tribe of Ciise
is. From each house, 4 or 3 elders are selected