86 Call Me Ciise 37
I ¥eer in a place where daughters do not enter the inheritance is not held,
However, it is certain that people do not inherit anything
I have sex with the daughters of the brothers. Inheritance, » What is the reason for girls to eat?
nr Tt , cee ; / It seems to us that there is a strong belief in the idea that,
Are women deprived of anything? If the girl is given livestock, she will join the wedding party
J I G0 Jo see that there are no other tribes. I
If a girl is left alone by her father and there is no child, \, ; a _ . That girl is taking the livestock left by her father Haxal is what is left of the parents, I told us Jama Musa 00 was there and reported this incident Ji. _Z and there is a rule for those who give birth to their children or relatives, even though it was a small time. If we go back to the beginning when the family was formed, it has been 30 - 60 years now.
and a girl who is married to the animals of that family. Then there is the inheritance
The ruler of the village and her children who are in their fence, but some men came to me whose elders were Khleto Euud. Those who argue
There are other animals that are separate for the old man. If there is no surviving wife of the old man, then they have the right to own the livestock.
says: "Gole-ku-sha." Oe I hiin them to take the inheritance, and do not take the animals to other families
Odavea avaa on his own hadif cn elec dec. if she takes it.
I have it for myself, if the old man wants to have a second wife
Purnado wuxup paid the small amount of the animals in the "Gole-ku-Shadahka" ce Then the elders who were in that place saw that it was
~- "Muon ise eo ayau Dadh is cutting for the second woman I boob, the elders have put a committee on the issue of what they have done, where
me I Casa-Ali that gives to Dayn ivo Dhuvar, west of the land of Ciise,
The old man is never empty 00 occ kast AON) Wa I nara! The committee was appointed by the 21-year-old girl.
"Cole bt hath ah ne hnaado o f0or is a separate animal. I fapguina it was said that you have nothing in both of them.
I smell it, and that's how it ended.
» If the old man dies, how will the inheritance be taken away?
The code reads aed ak ap I
His father-in-law ke fear Pa bahood bah wal ba separate animals
it is inherited is animal 1G. ', "Let them be innocent, I
} ADOUM Gole-kukea" was . ]
ma ia sinaroe the girls who were left ec the boys who were born something I
}