I
I:
I
78 Code-Ciise ——_call-Ciise 79 I
Article 1%: This type of woman is a man who wants to be a mountaineer; ~~ If the man who committed the rape is found guilty, the Act
But for the married woman, there are 15 rules that will lead to destruction, because the law of the nation has fallen somewhere.
and if the number of sheep is counted as 12
Yes, the man who was raped is waiting for the commission of the law.
The point is, when the committee waits for what it wants to do, it is empty.
The testimony is full of such judgment -
And this is how a woman who wants to be safe, the man who is upset with a woman, it is better to remain silent
And the girl has the kit she wanted. her father, but if the man molested the girl, it belongs to me
So tell me, the father who gave birth to your daughter is lucky.
In the hearing of Gambo-ad, if that old man comes down to the council and says that the man is J
offended, it was asked : - Méyu# strong ? The answer: - No!
Gamba-ada is the woman whose husband died in Gamba-ada sidd2 —_ if it is, she is Hayn-Gogla. Thus it was said:
4 months and 10 days. One who knows shame, not taught to a thousand.
Article 1™*: While she is carrying the gamba, if she is raped, 4,
It is a sentence of 15 years and is taken from the man who listens to share
Rape. 15 from you 00 if the sheep is called Alnsht-Numo
equivalent to the 12th. I , , + -
In addition, there are girls in the area that I share is the woman with a husband! making a promise. N dream
They were not chatting, and they said: Hebe/-c5cebaak. — the crime committed by witnesses who prove it to you
Atty. es — not found, her verdict was brought before the whole nation
Article 2: ? After Agra, the committee decides that he should be heard. Then open the board and advise the man: ners a
"By entering the discussions of all the committees, and not representing me, it was said that there is no other man who can get married, and that's how they got married.
"Aro the area because it is shameful, because I
It is not responsible., I
: Family Listeners
The first verse to start with is wit ye ae
Naora hadith es. 4 Marry me. The rules of marriage mean that I have to be separated from Ja
00 be raped, _ €e will be honored,
Valley and doc find something! I
200% TWO docs to get anything if aachin «... I ly I
00 please bav ahawd: Bu, Elaba, if she doesn't scream, she's a bitch.
Ad dy was dh rena &, he I # an rt. «dd.
> KXavr-onela coed ean tanay, I Gabbatiga
\ayn-gogla, the rule is set by someone on wae: I /
~ —NBaY 00 Nothing is being judged. I think it's a shelter.
But if her voice is I, the girl is the first to be picked up
yy her days are heard mag ha I say Kall ta enon I Gahhaatiesn an ba kachan wan ivo maeen and cloth window.
If she says it's a man, it means rape. If you leave the girl's 00 content, you will be married to the girl
: es Malsaday, Xer has nothing to do with it. The cloth window belongs to the youth of the family
j born out of.