FE
186 The Law of Ciise The Law of Ciise .
I E
When we entered the chief's room, we met him.
how well it is furnished and decorated. When you see Ciise called Girre Waays Fatah. The old man motel 00 mage
You are in a village. He is full with both hands, ie 8 rof 'milk ks
I looked at the boss sitting in front of her as if she was
On that day, the people of Jaleclo went to many flocks, the remains of which are going to take care of me. Gilrre did not hand over the milk to the boss
said the Ugasa delegation and most of the villagers. All this is said by Lo g
It is worse than the children following the animals in the village [- We milked a cow called Leefa from King Anaban.
by soo xomav so that they can see the Upas, after the people I Saan's tafir comes from the animals
Laleelo and its surrounding residents are happy to welcome our son, Sheikh Cuse, and the 18-year-old Ugas who preceded you is a lop. Lisa
stopped at the village where Ugas was standing so that they could shake hands and kiss each other.
This is Ugasa's greeting, which lasted until noon. Then, Ugaski and I I
His bed was laid to rest. I gaskil then received the globe with both hands
I Bisinka grabbed us and drank the milk 3 times. All the time
In the afternoon, the elders who were accompanying the Chief of Staff and the people from Jalelo milked the Chief of Staff, Haji Roble Waays, the chairman.
began to pray for the Chief and at the same time pray for the Gandaha who was sitting next to him. After that, there was a lot of prayer
Drought has spread on the earth recently, I prayed.
After that prayer, preparations were started to go there
u loo f After a few hours we were corralled and the herds were slaughtered
Ada or Eel-Adaed. The 45 fruits of his flesh are presented to us. When serving the meat,
The Upas and the elders who accompanied him left Jalelo, Saladdi [I is always brought before the animal dhabarkus! and nowhere
After praying in the middle of the evening, the delegation entered the place where it was "broken"
going to Aadah. There the Ugas was brought to the place where he said the Ugas was a bone, so the Ugas also had a spine
He does not break the whole family of the family called Saad Musa.
Successful, it is the family of Ugas who licks Leefa's milk. Po _ 7
I Markit woke up after the morning prayer, the house
At the time of entering Aadah, the ground was dark and everyone sat down in front of the deposed leader. The elders of the family
We had a very cold dusty wind. The elders of the family and § were already aware that the Ugas would spend the night with them
A very happy youth welcomed Upasku tyo watti } Ada, so they asked in the morning to
Was it with him? A big and very beautiful Somali house. Haji Roble
gas set. _ f then took the word and apologized for the situation
Dur f due to not being able to stay. A few times if the argument is cross-
They have already been engaged and all the people in the family have mash-f and the elders of the family have beaten us. Then it was entered
query, some oa) Salaveen, they were drinking tea, and others § pray for all the people who were there.
The guests and the Chief welcome them avay
engaged, @ Fo, Be
Ruurtuna Upaaskay eyes of joy ay ins fe vada oo. kav First of all, the Ugas was being prayed to make Tlahay the Ugas
And they were kissing the hand, let's go, then, the good leader and the just leader, the other 00
Can 4°, the elders begged Tlahay to take over the drought
After 12 hours, the house was occupied by the leader of the nation. It was seven o'clock in the morning
lyO the host elders. It was blessed as we started from the place of Aadda while passing through Jaleclo.