i
176 Rule-Ctise I call-Ciise 7
I 177
I was close to the Ugaaka like this, and gathered together with the sky and the peace when it was finished. o.
welcome' g: hoes a srevo welcome ah YAG0O sky A prayer that I did not come here, Ciise was all there
added clapping, drumming, singing 1yo creyo soo Ghawayn al. They came to the place where Upasu was sitting with everyone's hand
Be idigg Touching you and saying : em
As I mentioned above, Ugas is riding a camel. Congratulations, Ugas Roble, -
00 miles west of Lind, km. As long as the Luartu Sil is placed in your mind
walking on the bank between Mille and Geelle Cabstiye, they looked
A large number of local people rushed to meet me, Ogaas Roble.
On the side of the vehicles escorting the Chief, those people 00 wajts are better than your Raya!
see unspeakable joy, /
Congratulations, Ugas Roble,
I I I L I wish you the best!
% Gugumada or Gelle Fears I OO
: I 7 ; The ceremony for the arrest of the head of the department is here
When we arrived at Gugumad at 10:00, the chief welcomed him and concluded, and things continued from there with the demands, games and
The elders of the ivo ganda committee consisted of tyo scholars who are carrying the prayer for the people. I
There were young men and women who were all dressed up
the traditional dance and playing traditional games. I ~ A large tree in that place was placed as a bed for the Chief
I sat down, where they were constantly in front of him
First of all, at the opening of the event, the organizing committee was chaired by young people dressed in tight clothes with their faces
In the arrest of the Chief, Muhammad Maallin Osman, verses appeared in fa
an unimaginable passion. The players went along
ry; __ ae —— ie _ Le. 7 a. _ Ty " 4 n \ 0 # et an oes = . a ; F
He opened it with the Qur'an, hadiths and a few admonitions. Then the people in the square greeted and shook hands with each other
The process has officially begun. while also kissing.
Navarrese = oe ; a I I He was sitting in that place for seven days.
Mahmoud Ahmad Buh from Wardiq, Yeasif, Geddii-Ali
The young leader who was being held by the hand, Islamarkubans I During the days he was there, Ciise was close to the area.
Haji Musa Abbokor who was expelled from Cutlaneak and another Saad Musa who came from far away visited the Ugas.
, dh dh ty ah (as per the law). Hajit Musa took me by the right hand so that they could see the new leader with their eyes and kiss him.
Ugas Mustafa made a loud noise saying: I
- "Congratulations to Ugas Roble!" '
- I; % Mi
ae } ¥ Mille
x Kaci, the old man named Guhad Adan F oo Saad Musa, I
; (Sah Wee ah who is a new ghundate that is white in color) {I The eighth day of the month of Ramadan 24, and the time
Yanay mniikes 3 rls i Lewin ale. I. j. a? os , : ee i aL 1 oe tt . Ba F low et, ts cr eT Fee ET = mimarii
1 - Cuh. laid the groundwork for the Chief, then the Chief sat down, it was 5 10 AQ) minutes and the pass was taken from S00 to Gugumad
Maron at qiacha I sat behind the eaas. It is as the law says* § while escorting the Gandhi, a few minutes later the city filled LL
Copan tu neekch Axn ad Buux Aare oo Wardiiq, Yeesif, Gedi i came in and they welcomed me warmly
Elder k. Ae stood on the gas and put on the turban. Upas is placed next to it
al two rooms 00 big a Mile.
A certain Moses recited many prayers while people lined up on the west side of the main mosque in the city.
OS STNENS SOU touching And the faithful. I