F
150 Ciise' Law Ciise' Law 151
be eat a
There are also 00 issues that will be remembered for Upas Hassan.
How did he avoid the traps that Hayle used to set for the bosses?
Tuesday. Among the traps were animals and a world where
eu' tole gt wop wokhin used to be the leaders of all Ethiopian nations.
Biography of Ugas Hassan He also gave degrees to people
Loyal to his majesty, the Ranks were among them
From the bottom to the top, Balaabbat, Barbaras, Dijasmaaj,
I Measured, 1.4, Raas, Biwadhadh tyo and others. First of all,
Ugas Hassan was the sole owner of the house he lived in.
) Yo Hassan Nirisi Ciise, may God have mercy on him, he passed away.
On August 29, 1994, at the age of 66 years, he died in the age of 66.
WY family of Ciise. had a lot of wealth. That property was one of the unit's farms
Landscaping in Hawass is a ground transportation company.
May Allah have mercy on Ugas Nasan Hirsi, on Ugas 18°, it was I = On the side of the degree Ali Mars reached one of the
It's good for people who accept it, no matter how difficult it is. Whenever his people are the highest, the Bitiwadhs,
He stayed in the midst of a problem and did not leave anywhere, I I a I I yee I
I cite as an example the troubling events of 1974, when the government of Ethiopia was taken over by the Shiite regime.
passed while he was a king. 1935" while he was new [ he set foot and killed something, wore something 1vo something nafhaodit
In the end, the Italian government invaded and captured the people who were loyal to the government.
Gortootadit Haile and
The country of Ethiopia., the Bogor of Ethiopia at the time, Hayla Salase, the country where the chiefs were from. He also confiscated all the property
He escaped and left his feet. It was also said that they had. At the time, the military occupied Ethiopia
Bogorradi tyo Some of the leaders of other ethnic groups in Ethiopia were refugees and while they were burying their foundations, they
Only those who entered the valley. However, Ugas Hassan felt thousands of people for his people, and while the killings were going on, he fought the Somali war
stayed with him and did not raise a corner. The head of the Italian government to the west began in 1976". The war was very destructive
He dealt diplomatically, his strategy was to bring more evil to Ethiopian Somalis. Chief Hassan
Freedom from fascism. He wanted to do that and there was no problem
It did not come from Ciise. BS } something is wrong. He saw the war in Somalia
seat. cc. I I one that did not consult with the Somali people who lived in the land. Day
1939. The British invaded Italy and expelled Ethiopia. Djibouti, which was receiving its independence €€ 27 youn 19 TP, is the President of Nasan
The British were invited by hand to all the Somali lands to witness the joyous day of God.
Somali land 50 whole. Wy, . Struggled to unify I So it happened that the peacekeeping officers in Ethiopia
In the second world war, the city of Ayshac was captured! Wann that the Head of the country ieee Te Je Maararn is Opg0-
Amsara and ir 'tn 1. What else is returned to the state 1 "7 TL from Ugas Hassan Gaid" Tabuti advises men
n
and to unite their land with their Somaliland brothers. ff After participating in the flagging of Djibouti ae , ahavd
I did not go back to the city of Diridaba 00 See Tmerad
] So the response on that day was like this, Ummad