170 Rule-Isa f — Rule-Ctise 171
f oe
There was a 00 that I received from an old man. Ugaski upu I eae Diridaba
His first name was Ibrahim Makahuil (UL car).
A jar that stands on top of itself and is filled like this, and another one is not covered, I =. At the entrance, the committee was hosted in the house of Jahaa Odaya
This was confirmed by Ugas Nasan, and other elders confirmed it.
I eae pe I period self-selecting explorer. 1" in Sep. 2009** 00
On Bishti May, when I wounded the elders of Waruf, I was lying there on the night of the 12th of Ramadan.
He met an old man named Farah Fatah, who was one of Mustafa Muhammad Ibrahim Ugas Waays.
He was the oldest man in the nation who was in both countries.
You're in a safe place. The old man told us that he had a dream.
and he will tell his story when Ciise comes together.
: I was lucky enough to follow the committee and witness it
3" In the month of September, which was the day of the arrest of the Chief, we were doing something.
in Geelle Cabsuve, but Gugumad avaan Odayei Paarax Fatah I) was one of the famous journalist Mohammad Dahir, Omar Farid
wevdityey suvaal. "You dreamed of meeting Cuisthit here, Will Dhallinvar, a teacher and researcher.
Did you say 00 or was it rejected?"
said to be denied in rivadisit, That is a clear testimony that people do not collect things. (It is not a rule that we should follow it anyway
1 year old
There was no choice.
. , and promised me not to take any pictures).
There are many other things that people are saying
There were people who knew that they were lying. That night, when he came out from prayer, it was half an hour
At half past eight we left the agalkit where the house was located
After that, the matter came to Ciise, } us and (7) seven of the (14) four and ten elders. Elderly
Custh Geelle Cabsiive fadivey consisting of Gande and the others remained at home and waited for the news. Three cars
Elders chose a committee of fourteen (14) § but one of them was a car owned by Sugaal Mohammad Roble.
ocay 00 labiyo tobanka aqal ce Ciise ku wada jiraan, guddoomiye } = baan raacnay annagoo ku sii jeedna aqalku Maxamad Ibrahim Ugaas
who killed Muse Maygaag Barre, this committee is the ones from Waays who is located in the neighborhood called Koneel in front of Dergiga
Later he was surveying the young people who were selected and called me Hafad Cisse.
Arresting Ugasa. " } —
31™ in August 2009" 09 beeonavd 11 kichi B sani I aah irridisa again au roob t bra beers
After the Ugas, the mid-bicha Ramanan, Ldkecte, I vada fdhicanct. The father of the family of 00 Mahanad Tbraaimn havi ay
[On the 5th or 16th, you and your mother will be married to a man.
> It is xveor in need. Roku was gone, there were children and mothers when we were sitting
~ It is not a rule to capture the Chief on a clear night. f An elder who is the father's cousin to the children. Ababar ine 'Lal ey buy
To explore the enddec Jt 4 } “he is an old man
I was in the family na Soohor I Sa, ave i oO
The euddi spoke to the one in the city of Diridaba, wanly i Why don't you want Citsaw
On the same day, a good committee was appointed by Mille. I
: reached the city of Diridaba.