102 Neer-Isa I rule-Crise 103
If they pull a aof 00 then the goof dies, and the wound dies below the ears of Awr-Qadah - Expulsion
I said to the animal, if that animal was alone and no one was driving it, I
The family that the animal killed will be given compensation for the animal
killed something. That's what the law says, if an animal or a cow goes to bed, it must be taken away.
If you kill that animal, you will be punished. I got Rll 500.
} ky $09 syphilitic'. That's how the Akhyrqa is divided. In the daylight you go
If the person is sleeping and lying on a couch, if it is 1 year old in the sun, it is called loxos and you are just resting.
Bogolkusit (Alag/) is not paid for the body of that person who dies.
The camel was not alone, but there was a goaf driving it. The question is, if it falls and dies or if it eats water, it is mag.
Coming to the weeve: - Why are you dead? It is like w } = If he dies within those three days, he is not mag.
The law stipulates that the net should be whatever it wants, I
If he kills something, all 100 will be taken from him. In the old days, it was customary for people to bring their shoes after a trip.
There was a car in the wall. 7 But if he moved on the camel, it is only around him 00 is three days.
I - Donkeys, when you wake up in the morning, it's the next day
If you don't wear the earplugs, it's fine.
. . I I The field is also the same, when you water the animals
A camel is an unloaded camel on a hill and you cannot keep it back.
b
Also, it was made into a camel. Camels are known and famous I I
and it is said that Barqab is from the same family and it is burnt and the west is.
known and every 12 hours.
brought to 00 called "War HEH HUF" and then every camel is ready to take something. i
owe you. It is said that the baraqab of the same family gave birth to the 12 I
It is the only camel that has a camel as its father, and it is very famous
which is different from other camels. Such an awrah if he is killed by the Deghalaye Wayer
It was set first for 5, then for I - I
At the end of Sitti, the verdict was lifted
And he said, "I'll take $00 from you for 12 hours."
D halad 00 cas sidza buw ke ache. a what8 Taga S00 Gane Lo um ah. That well is an old well that Wri dug
It is impossible to be a city of iron wn "y 4th. Because the baraqab I in the nation on earth no one can say that I dug allies
Yao cannot be divided and the nation is between them. f = mine,
It can be said that Hebel got it first, but not by name
} he cannot claim from the community and the community is between them. If he is a man
f the people around him who say he is mine are not persuaded, 00
f = It is brought down to the tree but the middle of the nation. And it is
judge me. ~