i Xeer-Ciise Xeer-Ctise 19
The problem of Ale Buri is unbearable for the people, and it is a game
He was consulted by Ciise, who was a brave man who was confused
who used to be called Ali Kalageye Wiglo and has a way
~. I ae natn, Never a thing of war
As reported by elders who are well versed in the history of Ali Kalagye, who has spears and weapons
They said that he has been working for a long time to make the nation of Wazigeed two-faced
would free PuMAysi Aale Butt. Seniors tell us
Ali Kalageye does not have weapons or troops to fight the enemy. This game of Wikwilaha, when cutting the line, the women also get it
Ale Burina is a man who has a lot of weapons, they sell them in the back while shooting the men, and they
and the neck of the one who stands up will be cut. They said to me while walking. I
mdr” / I I ) The bar is the bar
Al Kalageye fell apart if he had the strength to resist the long-flaming gunpowder
the enemy to look at your tactics, so the elders of history warive y Beeryarow hee
They scattered the strategies he used in the short term
in front of Aale Buri, and they say several ways, but in the second game, Gocosta of Ali Kalageeve served as a strategy.
I agree that he developed the two games, Wilwilaha is a different game than Wilwilaha, and it is not one of those games.
Gocosta, and they were among the two who knew the strategies of the culture.
used to get rid of the sole ruler Ale Buri from his rule, oO ) Z _
Loa So I I Gocostu is a competitive soccer game that earns points.
These two games that Ali Kalageye used in Wilwilaha are a "sport" game in our culture.
one of them and its own
This season we are in, it's popular and it's played, and it's only about rap.
Clyaaraa is ranked first in the Awdal region of the country.
Somalia, Djibouti and the Somali Autonomous Region of Ethiopia. When playing the game, the teams are divided into two teams.
Ragpu is a game played with spears, shields and swords.Gocosta is played with a small ball.
take. "Tennis" in the olden days was made from the gocosta tree.
four men carrying spears and shields, men playing with fruit and camel's wool called Geenbalah and mare
It is a two-by-two erasing, the words of which are almost recorded and tied to the horse's tail with a string called Gucun.
Among the men of Clyaraya, it was like a ball. It has its own rules.
Come on, let's start the match between the two competing teams
Men who are found, stand before each other. The ball is handled by one of them
Cis Wii: one and declares:
When you look at this Cryaartan Wilwilaha, you will see that there are two "Eyes and Breaths". I I oe
Wajl says: No, she is not.
* One game Nana I Oo
* NA len 7 - 1: If the ball is high in the sky, it is like this.
Then the man throws the ball up into the sky, ou
) — the race begins. Cocoa is a very interesting and popular dish
varsame "Madrawiye" was for me,