146 Aer-Isa I rule-Cuse 147
1- The Lord is the center, and Ciise is the house.
2. A boss is a backbone. I
3- The leader is a prayer
4- The chief is a father. © NL La ree es
5- Ugas is a great shade tree. Getting the First Boss
6- The boss is a duddee.
These wisdoms teach us that gas is what holds us together
Who is Ciise? I
, \ TW 7 there are people who argue that Ugas was elected instead of according to the law
There are also stories that the elders use figuratively. This argument is far from the truth, because anu
The place of the bogor in the unity of the community
Among them is the following. } After you give a higher position, it is not possible to get a hole
It was said to the beast called "Digra" one day: "But make me the head." It is the right that when a law is over-
- Do you get killed or are you killed?
He said: He filled the pit of Kab-Ugaas.
- Let the bogor kill me, kill the bogol hbnnood.
Then he was killed. , So this is how the first Ugaasktt was held °
ij
The rabbit is also said to him: Markt after the completed rule is advised to catch it
- Rabbits, do you kill them from the ground or from the ground? I Uvaas. Back then, according to the elders, the number of people was very small.
He said: The chief who sat at the beginning of the first capture of their number
(_— Let the page kill me page kill me I was told in 99 elders, they needed to fulfill a rule
Then the bogor was killed. Makes me a hundred years old. They did not have a man who fulfilled Ciise
When I was sitting there, an old man from the Qaan tribe passed by.
Peas, it's bogor
He survived the group and I sdeidaamma Gabooya as a man knows. Then she got old
walking together. They added me, and the meeting started as usual.
And the rabbit is walking alone in the bog. Little Will, who was born to Makahil Hassan, died when he was young
Ueu da I amma left their family. Some people say tn the boy
"Finally, let's take a look at how the first chief was elected. He was sleeping under a tree while burning the hay.
.. The Ghishu occupier whose name was Ugas Ibrahim Makahil I was left behind. Be that as it may, witlki prey is involved
fava °° called Ugaad-maal lyo namyadil 18k Ugas } wey 00 m udda no one can say he lived ugaaei oh
Cambe saw Wil aac Yt Ca yo dh with a female shepherd
feeding and drinking her milk. Girl, hunt boy
She was surprised and told her father about it. Oclaygr aa
The next day he sent young men to see him but he came back
They look at me when they open their eyes.