238 Code of Ciise I Call Ciise 239
r
Ethiopia's Bogor Haile Sillaase 00 1 was the chairman of the council.
In the upper part of Ethiopia came Acari. Then the bogor saw I
"Bulaol, why did you do this?" )
He said Bullale: re
_"This money didn't open for me, I opened it for you" I Ali Roble Taame
The Bogor was surprised by Bullale's generosity and said: I
. "And I let you go." 2
That's how Bullale was hanged. !
They have been fighting over the kingdom for a long time. I @ "Mali Roble was one of the ruling men of Xeer and
he entered and escaped to Seylac. Then the colonization of the gifted Arbiter. It was a time when a man lived
The engineer caught him, he was arrested in a prison in England, he put his own interests on the ground and dedicated himself to the interest of the nation.
As he began to fight the colonists, and finally if he was in Kaaha, which is located in the western part of the land of Cuisaha,
A doctor in England has died because of his negligence.
it is widely acknowledged. The tree of Geerisa, which is located in the east of the land of Ciise, did not miss it
There is no, it's almost as long as he stays with his wife
1 and his livestock in that he was the same as the other old man who was a judge
There are some of them. Ali Roble was a man of peace
I encourage peace. The elders also say that he was a handyman
I am open and generous.
One day, his relative had a camel
I am another member of Ciise. When he got the news, Ali Roble said
while talking to his male cousins about the matter Ka cacho eae no
{ . "A camel that has been ambushed will not go anywhere, guide Reet and I will not SHR
1 — The camel-carrying party
When they heard Ali Roble ine daa yc
4 they were embarrassed and returned the camel. Wit ay vanyee
ss was finished by Ali Roble 00 he did not believe -
the g "You get a tree, you don't want a gulf. a
. Who has many children and no livestock? My children 00 milk chan ae ee
nan around the corner. 'Your children are hungry: don't.'
and swinging the butter around la nee an ive lo! combined -