Poet Omar Maallin 00 more research and dapapal ky { Labiyo ten are selected from an elder in Gendaha.
made Ciise's hat, a oe The times when Gande was not wearing, when he saw Ciise' back
- "Ralee's descendants from the Arabs, about 4,800 people, are selected from 12 houses, compulsory, 44 elders
I'm in town." I ~~ They advise me on the matters of my life,
This is what he said, may God have mercy on him, Ugas Hassan Hirsi. I
In the area of marriage, the elders made a law that Ciise was the same
So when we pass there, let's sit down, Ciise will marry the two women: Abgal and Dalol.
They gave birth and how they continued to descend. "I mean to strengthen the unity and togetherness of Isaha, though
This article was broken when the population increased and the cities were built. And now
Ciise gave birth to (6) six sons: I is still practiced in the two Gallins or Regions
1. Eleeleye Ciise, the westernmost one, Dayn and Dhuyar.
2. Hello: I am me
3. Worker I The elders pointing out that the 12 Agal of the Usuhu
4. Indispensable Wardiq made a slogan:
5. Ciise is a stick and a worm!
6. Pregnant Ciise is a 1 year old cow! =
: Ciise is born and born!
The six knees are noga, but they agree with each other (3) in three parts. . I do not pray
00 namely - - I Finally when the elders pray they pray Ke
1. Abgal: Eleeye and Urweyne. They pray to God that the 12 Houses will love each other as brothers and sisters! from
2. Hole 'Holle, Operator and Operator'. Ahigo, and they say "Aa both hands rd
3, Wardiq is his own. I Labo carries itself 00 is both hands.
) Labona waits for each other 00 is the two legs.
When we come from here, the six wii
The one who gave birth to Ciise is still crying with both eyes
each of them gave birth to two (2) sons. That's how they say, "O Allah, the two who are waiting for each other, make us cry together."
ten (12) houses, and they are divided as follows. Amen *
1. Eleeye, the first born Ciise, gave birth to:
_ Moses and Mamasan. I I
2. Holle gave birth to Furre (Furlabe). Furren begat:
; Thank you and Saeeb. I I
3. Worker (Brother) gave birth to :
I and Yusuf. . 4
4. Horroone gave birth to : a j a!
Geelwalal and Habarwalal. oh : o
9. Rose gave birth to : I of aerser
and Rumawaq 1yo Vakhtishiile. a a 4 AR
Abdalle's Theology 1vo. 7 Bay 4 - I . CU. self
ae UT a a 1 I