!
218 Code-Ctisg I code-Ciuse 319
I never lose money
Never wash your hands
On your four elbows I
Down to Earth I I oe
Carry something on your back I Samirre Geelle
One of us kisses you.
I cut off the crown of Ahmad 1 aden Adcadle.
I
There are also 00 cities that are still under construction
wern took from the camel. In the field of business, it can be done by force.
Navey the camel, and the cities were inhabited when they came with Ciise the colonists of the land
Camel trips came and it was the poet Ismail Haid Hisi I 4A who shared one of them, and things happened like this.
(.4flow), Isaac, Habar-Awal, had : I
In the city of Hargeysyo Jigjiga, the model was taken during the military dictatorship in Ethiopia by the leaders
What made Adari March, the controversy is a lie against Colonel Mengistu, the government released the years
It's a sad slave to the rat, the big boss in the early 80's, a massive program for
I how to do it for the farmers, big villages and
These 00 examples, examples and poems I think should be collected by us, so that it is easier to do things and build them.
Tell us about the benefits of camels for rural people, schools and doctors. However, the people of the government program
I oe - Some critics say that the matter is different
It is what the government wants and it is the only way to rule the people
would bring it down.
I I
There is also 00 program of the government road, that the people
farmers and nomadic people of various ethnic groups
I repent, their areas Ia 00 Ia mixed together.
j For example
If we attack, the Abarihit that happened in the regions
In Wallo and Tigre in the 1980s, the military government came
_ § moved thousands of Amharic farmers 00 settled in the area
: Somaliland especially around the Shabelle River.
> I The government also held many meetings for the Somali people
. 4 of the nomadic people, as they would suffer in other areas.
_# I Now let's take a meeting that the revolutionary government held ",
agi I the city of Eter near the city of Diridhabe tyo wihut la yidh.: es
"The company was represented by the government and this shit:-
gee = 'Minayey, Colonel Sallege who was the governor at the time. 20M RN itself