f
168 Code of Conduct Code of Conduct 169
Halawkaade (Brothereon) Holle (Fourlabe) Gelle Babasiye or Gumamad
!
) Farah Dhabbar Shiile 1) Hussein Bullale Gedi When the camels of Abbasi were brought in, Ciise asked
2) Full Mavdhane Suge 2) Rest Fatas Adan f Yesif to capture the Chief who had a rule. Joseph is Ciise
3) Omar Khaytre Farah 3) Omar Khayre Roble asked them to wait a week,
4) Ali Caroush Roble 4) Umat Ardeye Buy -
5) Gamiye Diirrrane Geelle 5) Ahmad Aasan Bulhan I According to the law, Yeesif then went to survey to see
6) Enemy of Farah Roble 6) Abdi Ali Gadid The young men were taken away by the security guards so that Ciise would later
7) Osman Roble Obsitye 7) Aden Aace Dhabbar Joseph's elders sent,
Make a delegation of three people each. ,
Uurweyne Horroone I I
} I — They explored four young people, two Mille and her avapaar
1} Sicid Waaberi Buux 1) Buux Omar Addawe is there, both of them live in the city of Diridaba. ~
2) Haji Osman Gurre 2) Ilmi Hassan Olis
3) Cute Riraash Waays 3) Roble Camel Iiltire I Then, as promised, Ciise was sitting on the camel.
4) Aden Waays Abdalla 4) Cige Aare Cige brought the following news:
5) Suge Bile Roble 5) Hayir Adan Cige - "Usan, I will see you for four generations, son,
6) Muhammad Farah Subbane 6) Ali Libaah Roble, one of whom I have not spared from eating jade,
') Farah Cultire Dirrane 7) Casowe Shirdoon Buux I have three for you." I
Wow. All three of their names, their cousins and cousins _
He was chosen as Haji Roble Waays Hassan who is Wardtig Reet I ~-- Ciise told him.
Hassan, to be the chairman of the board
over 44 Gandhiha - "I'm sorry!" It was said together.
You are 100 years old in accordance with the rules that Ciise writes. = f I I
- oe I The person to be appointed must meet the requirements of the law
» The rule that states that the News should bring the governor 00 I is written on page 143 of this page.
to be Wardiq Reer Hassan. I f i a OO
tee. I I » Now, if the young people are full
Markit was present and the task was carried out. Yesif 00 How are these conditions classified? Give it to me
The name of Wardiq is the same as the name of Hassan's family.
officially asked them to come to the place called Gelle to study the Bible, some of the science of the stars. that's all
Drink 00 in the area where most of the Chiefs are taken from. I —_ If they don't split, they split with a gun.
Ovo 700085, oe Nabsilye (the moon was at 21° “824s nog. However, this was false P weararam
°. I Attsi, may God have mercy on him, 00 until he died for us, baba
f he said: "No cloud ab 00 I was standing in my aul yesterday
f = There was no Jataatee.”
F