40
H. X di Xer-Iisa XNeer-Ciise
H. An objection is God wyaame Acen deta ter-Ciise 31
A man of the nation who is anti-national, a man who rejects the law,
All the nations refused, and all died
C. Rules and regulations are I I I
He is an idol, a righteous man is a small man
Mel Wiak. i siCiel aa I Wigan Lj Si or TESTE Tt . 1 ue “ of NALlit
He is carrying you and Neer is walking with you
Q. Livestock do not listen to the proverbs
It is not limited by law, the animals are drought-stricken
The spoon of the law does not go on, there is no doubt at all; It's a drought
There is no way to stick to the rest
K. Xer is the protector of I
. Aer is the guardian of the a + op... I of Ree Lt
The society, the society, everything that is bad th ar I. The men are: Didlye io Tababaale.
After the uisnada, oe NMSNEATY A aU ry Didie Code tied a tree
L. Xeer is a soldier.
~ Here is your clidan and I will have dinner with you: teh ee bile wine ad ag
I will not have dinner with you, my husband will be your friend.
Voi TIVO CUUODa Waad stn Xeerk oe AML TUNKa KUU Clidma ¢ I) bob ale is the man of what ie ocd os 1. ot 1. +... hee - a
wavian ke. 2 SUT, AACELKU [Knowing I- _ > Dubbal + is the man who brings good things to himself that God would otherwise have missed.
He doesn't want anything from you and he is a shield for you
yn. tT Tah ca sheqeeva.
2. Men are Ayo-reeb tvo Eela-reeb.
» Ayyo-Reeb are brothers of Xeer.
>Elo-Reeb The rule is tied to a tree.
@ -layo-reeb - he is the man who leaves good memories like raggui
as a rule maker.
@ /elo-reeb 2 is the evil man who inherited evil.
3. Men are Soof-eeg and Suul-eeg.
» Soof-see, Bay Neerka wa
Hang on.
» Thumbs up, the Code has tied a tree.
@ Soof-eey: he is the man who protects the area and protects the shame. Outside
coming from it and all evil and violence.
@ Swu/- See: It is only the man who sows evil under him that I do not see.
intellectuals. A carrier model.
4. Men are healers and healers.
> Healers are Xeer brothers.
» Belaliye The Code tied him to a tree.
© Healer > who is the man! Where there is evil, there is healing
then pour water.
@ Balediye: It's the same thing that lights and burns, doesn't it last?
It is called this disaster.