226 Code of Conduct 227
I
; He responded with a speech that became a proverb:
_ "We are not sleeping with gold,
"My father did not sleep."
Abdalla Aaggane fo
Cabe alla Caa pHane I @ The other incident that happened was.
Abdalle, who was walking, stayed with a family. The night he
1 slept in the morning and the family hosted him that night
, a I ; . I have tied up an ox.
ff Nabdalle Aaggane, was a brave man characterized by I ’
_tabad love. He was generous to those in need. They said to Abdalle:
\/ as long as the truth is known and not hidden, . "Stay with us today, I pray and we will enter this bull."
any 4 , a aa ae } He said:
Abdalle Aageane, the people who are deeply interested in his history, said I - "Good luck."
He was a very tolerant man who did not face any disagreements. They said to him:
Don't take anything away from him, 1 - "Why don't you tell the family that you are passing by that we are going to Dtbr."
rT 1 Abdalle went on.
Abdalle Aaggane had a motto that he used to say, I
the following message: ~~ 1 When the old family arrived, they talked to each other. Goodbye
> Don't use Dirtr, and don't include it at all. I — gnay said to himself. After that, a man from the family came to Abdallah
» In this case, we trusted him to give something. They asked me: I oe
» I believed in a lie, the truth. I - "The family you visited last night told us yesterday, bern dite."
"Fear the disbelievers, we believe in war." We are going to enter and pray
Abdalle C I - If Danti did not open, I saw a tied bull.
Abdalle Aaggane, the men who know his history are also f= Abdalle answered 1 while avoiding lies.
Cook events d
Hawr ah 00 passed during his life, which ahavd.
made Abdalle to be recognized for his bravery. 9 © The other issue that Abdalle Aaggane has gone through
The first thing that happened was rejection. § — While living in the place called Godgod aya Galbednacka
M «iy { _approached by an invading enemy buto oe Ga sa iroeenh
One day I heard: Lee Be enc dnulay Laheene ava the families were taken away. That same night Ilantit
One day, while he was in a certain place, the father: § invaded. At night, the families were evacuated. same ha Deen tape auelel
You have been joined by Ciise men 00 badly uleevev. Abdalle Caagauitit: # Abdalle gave birth to a girl, and lost a camel.
He didn't listen that day. My father; ee A Aldetiiee @ = The place where the mother was born, the child was born, and I
- (2 ajin that day. His father came to the rescue of the people of Mgs @ tlalkn and you were moved from ummusny, ys come os
Agalkisi 'y tage. Then Abdalle, while his father was not afraid of the enemy
MT hoil BCCVCY, I Se I , Rs eae
) oF ae. , . pe ce Melle: are a On oe
Day. ae fe = The next night Abdalle took aba swt ae
Vida Inn 4 11 coh LE eee i ea ove I mm; aa sim liead 4 . as 5 abkad Pal iF ele Wa: eo alert ar inmagamyahayayant
"Aio xiptay they said to r ag : come to the house and ummushit. When he anaes Te uaie ie
I — _iae come. a a eee