° Code-Ctise Code-Ciise 7
they mean and the law says so. On the other hand, shoes when they
The village people sew first of all from this material and it is ou
At the top of the foot, there is also a strap for the shoe
listen hie) godo bku was being sewn. After that, it was a dog
be and be followed. The law will come into effect on the day of Ali Kalageeve and Aale Buri
Aval Call Kalageye lyo Aale Buurl is completed
and the words "audience" and "point" are derived from tolm: ha
Kab an Kale's preyga, 00 in terms of grammar when I said "K OY illivti broke the Islamic government that he led
Let's look at the action, for example if we take it and say that Ali Luc was broken by the Islamic Aawiaccs that he led.
He broke it and it was replaced, and the code was rewritten on April 0 Ali Lug Nn, the legend of Ahmed Gurey
ah and the elders say Yeorky ammaddut kabes Weg talka A 2ws00 flew 00 all the lands captured the nation called
00 there are many proverbs that Somalis have and saab 6 'Xe sale Gaallana (Oromo). The Infidel invasion captured a large part of it
and we will see in this book. No way about the smell of Aerek 00 from the Somali land, they also captured them
Bo ALS with a lot of cattle in the mountainous area where the Oromos already live, people
Many people after reading this article may be wondering.
Where did the infidels come from?
First of all, they came to our infidels in 1551
When they invaded, they were not there. Running on the ground
They did not settle in the mountains of Harargena, they flew from there
south of what is now Ethiopia. Talk to me
All are agreed upon
have the infidels captured until
Somali coast including Berbera and Saylac.
How many years the Somalis held the land is not known. While
However, at that time it is said that the people were disturbed, the animals
and they did it. The infidels then were atheists and had no religion
have. As reported by the elders, there was a time when the infidels were in the Somali land
He was once a leader but he was an arrogant man
whose name is called Ale Buri.
Aale Buri was a harsh ruler, a dictator, and his tail
not talked to. Among the harsh orders he gave were,
Don't even bring me milk from animals that have been milked
Don't give anything to the children, it's a command. And the judgment was carried out in his own way
For a long time, it suffered a lot from the public order.
We, especially women and children, do not think about men