236 Deuteronomy 237
!
1 After a year, the land became fertile, the government
1 sent men to Bulaale I a
I _ "Waar Bullalow, the loan is required from you, bring it"
Then Bullale said:
Bulla ale F blast foe "Wow those people didn't see big ¢
rs I Then he was asked:
I. "Yes we saw."
_ "The men carrying the big spears, who are ten cows, have left the drought
They are following me, why should I be a slave, they will not kill me."
Bulale Farah, one of the former heroes, was then imprisoned by the government in Adari, Ummadaa.
He was known as "Bullale Wanjal", and he was famous for his beard.
In one of the areas inhabited by Somalis, there was no man I Bullale was arrested for. The nation is the same
acceptable. He was a generous man who did not care about the people, I - they collected a lot of money. A full bag of 00 money*
rr Co Ce They took me. The money was taken by the Chief and the elders, they left
It happened that two camels were stolen from Bullale. I Adari's boat to rescue Bullale.
He was looking for the two camels and found the man who stole them. Bulahe _
he said to the man who stole his camel: I When they went to the prison they said: ;
- "Why did you steal this camel from me?" I . "It's like the animals that are tied to Bullale and released to us."
Kotkaa man said: I The government said: 7 gy
- Apr took it without 00 I thought if you ask the people =I - "What you are carrying is not something that will open Bulaale, 00 it is not safe.
If you were denied." ) and turn away.”
Then Bullaale said: I Then they said to Bullaale: ;
- Wow, don't you have anything?" - "I'm sorry
We are contributing and the money is getting less. Wait for us.
Then he said: He said to Bullale:
_ I am not and Ruwagaba took her without a camel. ", a.
Then Bullaale said: While Bullaale stopped in the prison, he said chine sup eaatha?
’ While you have been killed and you have been killed, you are also mine.
I have another camel." I I Wisc d who was in prison released all the money to a party and
He asked, he said: I - Dae ka thana é @2 who opened I oo
Abbaaran, bike mney oon ee amasaan vito ba me tsb I Me Badllaa f ray this 00 ummad ab,” I a
Puraa'ah nell G0OKA, of Sitya needs a yibin amas. I I of , sas
I have not seen anyone tell us, I 1 BG peace: