204 Ner-Ciise ! veer-Ciise sos
Bell
Dawanle holding Galtile's nose was welcomed by the Chief
- Lia"! tTreneacka aa Ninidhahoa I — bogolal of the residents of Dawanle. Those people 00 playing
Nogoshadil Ugasa of Diridaba' and their faces were full of happiness. er
I
! % Aisha
While he was in Djibouti, he was visited by thousands of people.
I am a young man with many children, those people who approached me and poured 500 pieces of water along the road. C
WY 00 like a poem from Ugasa's point of view.
All the elders from Djibouti stood in front of the majority of the people who had gathered to play.
So ivo Diridaba, the plan is as usual for you to look at, Mec! Each and every village that the Ugas passes through
through the Water Cooler and the Water Cooler. He was facing a warm weather.
At eight in the morning, Ligas and the elders who were with him left. I
delivered to the guest house with av escorted car and I % — Water-Cooler
many leaders of the Djibouti government and security forces
The police were very careful. At noon, the leader of the nation was walking in front of them
1 4 I Water Cooler. A water cooler that this time is very cool.
On their way to the border village of Galilee, Biyo-Qabobe is located on the property of a foreign government.
There were a lot of people around the road who cut leaves and their troops came to the ground.
shaking and waving his hands. if they have landed in private, government
Among them were the Egyptians, the Turks,
To tell you, the people were very much in Weeca, Ali Sabih and the English, Italian and Kut Minilig.
Enter. After the welcome and greetings, Ugasa, the head of the I oe family
In Djibouti, the other people who accompanied them were very well received there. Games, tiruirfe ty0
eH Baveey es literature of happiness was confronted. Since he is Ugaskit
After that, he and the old man from the Biyo-qabobe family, that day was a happy day for him.
eacced Ugasa and the Elders were taken over by the heads of the Ugasa government and the day was hosted...
yuan cidlormae one pt Somali Somalis of Ethiopia and they have enced Matt
1. in the police forces of the region. On the 9th and 30th, the people of Beyo-Gobobe went to Bogholal on that day
A group of people set out from Galilee, on the way there was a glorious place where Bogor was standing. Ma a ck day s -_r
ad The welcoming chief tapped, first at 1 in the afternoon the remains were seated. ac ecd 1° ho abarna
g Prayed for me, first of all the chief was prayed for. ) - ~ I “a
/ was prayed for. He spent the night there in Danas
1 file was. Dawn broke after the prayer D&S N"
{ another prayed.
a