I
196 NCEF-Ciigp Veer-Ciise 199
% Galilee I members of the parliament and leaders of the province of Ali
I and I I Morning welcomed the Chief, I
1 {i ivo 50 minutes he arrived in Galilee, where he was I*)
arrived, people crowded the border area and were thirsty to eat.
The boss and the unobtainable vehicles from Djibouti welcomed me to the game of wilwil and went to Beha every day.
ivo Ali Sabih, There were also troops there. I ~ gan success.
The list of Djibouti intended to take over the security of Ugas, I = Dhanan is where! 00 rural areas with no buildings. so-
A private member of the government of Jabu ut oO uv first I deed the guests were made tenthovin the King of the world.
Parliamentary Chairman ML. Idris Arnaa uucl lyagu na ! It was arranged and made of canvas, and it was built for a strong place
who was there. Security forces have been put in front of me. They spent the night there with Ugas,
Iroobiva avaa Ugasa wo elders who were sitting next to the elders and all the guests who accompanied them, in the afternoon and subas-
relaxed. The relief was attended by leaders from both sides, including many local people and others from around the world.
where the Ugas and the leaders who accompanied him were officially interviewed - I - arrived Ali Sabih and Djibouti lined up where the Ugas dep-
Djibouti Police Chief They go to me and they in turn greet the Chief. The Chief's land
ns 7 All the elders who passed by me were praying for the Chief.
Then the Chief was taken in a white Landrover, I 3
the elders of the senate and other guests drive them
Hi buses
Rented, Police cars pulled up in front of us. At the border of Djibouti is Beya-Addey
crossed to hundreds of cars that were waiting for Ugas and people- I I
Nuhu Leyihtin joined you to escort the Ugas. I 26% "Feb.2010*" morning prayer after praying walked
trained as promised. It's a long time
te Node Th I — we moved from the Dhanan region to the other region
Dixda Dhanaan is called Beya-Addey, which is a few dozen km away from the city of Holhol
Mar' 1: ; I'm sorry. Beeya-~Addey is a residential area where there is a primary school.
This time, he turned to the village called Dhanan, which belongs to =} - the local people and the people of Holhol welcomed him as a guest.
Ali Sabih region east of Ali Adde village. livey Beeya-addey U gas ivo the elders he led.
Dhanan this time was one of the dung that was applied to the Chiefs. } The people there are two very beautiful Somali houses
They have built large and well-organized buildings.
Ci aggan's car arrived in the city. Markit ay bachtam: a When la « hav Beeva-Caddey Upgasa was welcomed
ba the noise and mashad fang ge tee Raw ga InTy I Hitt Ia reached Beeya-(-acocy ol, the local elders and
the people of Ali Sabih welcome oy Uses L. combined, nasa J vied I id bogpollaal ah as bac nddey I ; "Holhol Ciyaat very much
Sour 00 of the soba la ve . a I Baska roe tala galecn, i I arcaydi augs her Beya-Ad 7 vi Shadh and dua are there
reach Dhanan, Ali Codde nn te oe sivaariveen: While I 100 liked, open face, pagan a ae san who was happy with bus
Ali Adde also went through the back door: from Okaysa. Reet presented. H
Abeennimadit bread and tea
There, hundreds of people said 4 _ and then Dhanan was taken and the air was begged, and it was hidden.
q reaching and among them are the ministers, hildht f is held, the whole day in the sun y
i clouds were guided in the sky.
I!