68 Rule I Rule 69
Article 3**. The two lambs had wounds, only half of them.
subsidy, and the hiltb will be eaten by the needy committee.
brief ec present. I _The hearing of the break was thus secured.
Both sides are a testimony to the page =
If the man dies from the wound. oh
Article 4°": After that, a man takes 00 booths made for him - the listeners of Jarexo
Naya is not nesting there while he is recovering, oe
Article 54; If he refuses to do so, the committee will testify that the ear is cut off, it is a non-serious injury. But only that person
00 to be told that it is against the order. can talk about the problem. 7 I
I I to When the victim comes to the committee and says
When he heals and completes the nests, he is persuaded, ~~ I am a poet. I
00 to the committee. The group that was nesting said: It is not just called a healer, but it is said: -
__ 7 Except for us. ~~ See each other for days, but for a week.
When the panel is brought in, it must, say, catch me
an investigation into his conduct. After a week, when it comes, it will be said: What are you singing?
Uda I If he says "Something is missing", second mag, another week
If it is involved, it is said to him: But after 14 days
~ Stand up, I Again, if he says "Something is wrong", come back after 14 days
- Hard rock
"Jump all the way, when the seventh taba is finished, it is missing:
toa. Stand on one leg. - You will not pray or heal. It's a shame
It's not a pica either - a doctor, if he says it means something
. Spread Ae Ca oe , ;
- Hands down. th
an
The committee liked the code
/ Ws throw in hand, . Come with a five-year-old lamb, and if he doesn't do anything, he will love it
In every place, Jabataba is said to be like that; Bossimader Warley Jidida then said:
nitida Let it be seen for its healing. I Kit is said to be in the middle of the day
If av positions. - Treat yourself.
¥ The healing process is called "exclusion". !
lon wicanban voy Gadadedu le'eptahay ava mawlaye. Nheoalevda Xinjinvo Go'ay
It is not counted, if it is excluded:
to die, all his hundred sess jon tot that tomorrow the wound I Lacaleata was placed testicles cut off?
The man who caused the wound 7 4¥@a lapa qaadi the person he was born_ What is the ear set for Aimunyo \0 4}
> Intawan ee laoubu tl I 1 ol uahay and nothing
qe a &€ nested if five take. yn 4, I Wa haddit ein vininvaha la onovey 00 he lives alone and raises things,
take, mawlahady Wa. x wb n "If you are five, there is a threat. If the testicles are cut off, the whole thing will be fine."
44 ~? = $0 depending on the number of nests. But he lost the birth, carrying a sO halad.
Fladduuse does not leave it and wy wad 4: I >» The magtusu will be pach, vv
Like the previous $00 story, he kills everyone or eats a snake
~ esgnay the page is on.