I
120 NOCP-Ciigg I Code-Ciise 121
I = Stigo earth does not rise above the soil.
I 3 Madheer, if it is pulled, it does not produce wood.
[5] A donkey with two horns does not cut anything.
a 1. I do not take anything from the tongue.
Survey 3 The camel's mouth watered the ground.
There is no dung on the trees and no dung under them.
I , The drought is great.
rN I » He is a confused old man.
Sie is four, I 4 My deposit, i
We I Water is resistant, it's a gimmish, it's a transition metal, it is
Face-murder, it's abdication.
i. Survey. I » The water gathered in a well.
2. Roof. > The so-called water well is gone.
3. Horse. I 4 The well that is called dry is gone,
4. Scout. I =» Move from the deep well.
; > Go in and out.
1. Survey > If the animals are sleeping, there is a subscription left.
I I 3 And if they are staying, there is a subscription left.
The survey that is said is the long survey of the nights that are gone.
But if they stay overnight, then they are waiting for a survey to be done.
bring but certain news, whether you can move or stay. 9 And the camp remains a pillar
I I % Haad does not eat two animals together.
This long survey is sent to trusted young men.
and their news is somewhere, they are men of understanding and everything. I
and their mouths stop a false word from coming out.
The men who are sent to this survey are the men of the future.
your bank, I I I 9% Your eyes don't see a troublesome cloud,
Vy, I > Orgi Shareera
Your eyes can't see it.
Here are two examples of news brought by men recto J > I'm buzzing you've been moved this hair-raising spring.
The first one is a news from a place of bad drought that your eyes can't see. oh
, I mean Teddobe baben ) ? The man is married and the girl has his hair cut
> I've been gone for seven nights, 00, your eyes can't see the rays.
. I don't know. } ? let the sheep loose,
; I was not a refuge from God. ; Let the faithful sheep go.
We live and it is peaceful. f > let the cow loose,
> When we left the woe eo a Balay we went, Fa aWS let it go. The goat with the broken horn sit claa.
on gnay choose something our eyes are sharp. =f akharteh born release.
> Our ears did not hear. I I