116 Law of Ciise Christ 117
_ : oo, I TT : leew ed an Venn. I I
Listeners Sleep I Listeners Skipping Rules
Ifaag is an old man who is over ninety, he is a man who is the rope that binds the nation together. It is
In the past, he has focused on the protection of the community from head to toe. No one is taller than a man
qI) never existed. He is an old man who has been around a lot, he cannot say "I am not old". It is peace
many riddles are back in his mind. Dhallinyaradum § shea the rule, and it is what you can sleep anywhere in God's place
When they have free time, they visit you to share their wisdom wherever you want, and it is an umbrella that protects you and guides you from the nation.
and the message he has, if it rains, the committees will decide]
It is not added to 00 and it will be denied, if it is not necessary it will be described as "Rule-skipping". Together they move with a warm hand
In this case, only four (4) points are left, and nothing is done about it.
namely:
1. She made us sad. It is also the same with the man called "Jidgoye amma".
I 2, We don't get along. I "Kadarik-Danig". And together they are moved with a hot hand
3, Be with us. Don't do anything about it. There is also a rule of thumb for the person who is being taught
4. He passed you by. I do not want anything to be stolen from me, but let me kill someone who says that I am strong
f want, he was moved together with a hot hand
1. It saddened us: it means that we have taken action, because he wanted to do evil to those who have rules.
But the way we were going, we cut it and did not consider any point of law. These men
a says "I will not rule"
Let's not judge you, but let's have a look at it.
2. We did not pass each other : it means, if we § Vo is as it is said :
As a committee, we disagreed on the matter that was sent to us.
___ we arrived together, so look at us, I ! I
3. With us the elephant: it is about the matter and we were sent §
It moves from place to place, and we have turned it upside down in many ways
_ SIXt big ce look at us. - f
6. He passed you by: it means, the man is like that, he is like that
He said, "I know the old man who was lying in your bed like that, like that."
Take me to see you. } - I
Only one of these four points is left to you.
I I