114 Ciise Christ F Ciise Christ IS
Listeners Contempt I Listeners Gocosta amma the ball
QO: What is dhsi? F 7 speed is a challenge for young people. it's a game
\ J ct I ~- after the ball is contested in the hands, there are two teams
Gy PN : divides itself according to its needs,
It is if a spirit says to another spirit, I am superior to you, but I O I O
He is proud of himself (Oalmeyni) but no matter how many flights, and he is playing this game.
Launderi claims that the other forum claims nothing. Aye, I
It's the court or the court where the pride is the head. First, before the game started, both teams
who claimed to be a leader while also saying: [Convince me.
"I'm too old to talk to him". He stopped and said, "Who has eyes and breath", meaning 00
If the healthy man later lives, he will die
> Why did the law set the party to be despised? If you want to stay away from the game, you will be answered
I I I "No one", we agree, it's game on
The law stood by the despised party. It will be started on the fly, while the game is going on, if someone turns something into a mag tyo
I can't say that it is as the law states that it is based on the following article:
said; "No man is superior to another man and the nation says, 'Let no one heal his wounds.'
equal." The flight is clear but evidence is found to enter
Rale boasted 00 that he said, "I'm sorry for you, but the person I > Another question comes, if two golfs that I play
Another 00 found sentenced to 12 hours 00 feet
hookh [I = —g0costa in 00 self-streaming and one dead
KU 00 fine, and it is called that man is a name killer. No one gets hurt. How to judge?
The acer ruled thus, I am strong and I am strong.
It's long. And it is the one that is said: nt I f - the injured person and his medicine and the root are taken out.
"Ciise is with Ciise and no man, man is a spider." A 2. If one of the two men loses his teeth and the other has teeth
search. Its ruling is the teeth, because it is
A man wrote a song: Dear me and the wounded man.
If it is my grandfather's rule, the camp is for me
Praise be to God, if there is no strength. ff
I
I