. Aer-Isa Rule-Isa 1
6) The grand opening ceremony of the famous book
"A country that has lost its people" written by M Mohammad
Dahir Afrax in February 2005".
Thank you q 7) Dictionary 1 f Somali compiled by M Saleh Hashi Arab 2004".
eet 8) The Mother Language Day ceremony in Djibouti in the month of April
2(106™) and featured in many native language books
and attended by experts from all over the world
came
WAT, praise and glory are due to our God.
Djibouti Mr. Ismail Omar Guelle 00 n ; ohne 'Jam unity 0 Mansadtt bore of Scomaatiaa Cetia, Horses and Women
vo financing this book ” w a 20! im ye eno dondda I) Film poetry 5 oomaaltatt ago.
When he got the news, he told me that he was in Djibouti. Oe, Z
the tireless efforts of 1 4 a "A pe staas 00 part of 10) the book called .3 aabhidh €¢ Uv collected his poems in M Aaden
oc. As lanta an e€ he fro the development of traditions and Hassan Aden (Belelo).
aphata. I)
President lambureeend] a Speech ivo all once again to thank the President
I sag00 naekag ate aka Jat vat Omar Geelle, 1982" Republic of Jabud M Isma'ul Omar Geelle's activities
The ruling party of the country (RP D\ pus _ ae in charge of education) has held for the Somali nation.
dha ir of laou ; bee ec (RP P), organized the competition
wmuxn U Madashwernthe (0 sear euusivadda Djibouti. Again I also have a big thank you to the Ministry of Education
other tight 00 aad ivo. a year organized a national competition of the Republic of Jabut M. Abdi [brahim Absiye who was
Yansa alt 00 aad t
You are welcomed by the public. I was notified of the purchase of this book and immediately ordered some
If I touch on the meetings of lavac hadlav I I I ; He asked the staff of his Ministry to take care of the problem
Somali and Afarta languages have been developed for all the needs.
Ismail Comar Cece a Yo Duagaga funded by the President a vo yo
1) The book la vidhas Veh a a 7 Let me next thank the man of the title ec la la
"Baap Andon 'Allah aa aaristo) p la vila that he cut Dirir came out of the book, it is M I Nas "ane in 00 ah hale
3) The Somali speaking shit that is used in Jamivaayaces joes
Ahel 09 ‘i , ~ pA COMAaL i 1 ee acu gabtay Fy yuWU ti month I ; -
4) Shirk! eS skirt? Wo an book ; Another thanks goes to Dr. Khadar Ali 00 from the University of Japan
- "He went to Jabung > the center of the union (P E N ) and also he od cheeicorlnaah be oe anh onenaraaee oe vbaha
5) Conference on Vocabulary Af-Cafaria oe - I sahlibkay M Muhammad Abdillaht Waabert ons O° part
February 20034 900 from ex: "c sung in Djibouti last month of this book when I correct it in the pen and on the computer
'B4 OUT of a book, knocking.