I
58 Law-Ciise —-law-Ciise 59
Ood How to swear, blood oath?
"Oodku" is 62 halad 00 "Carrey" yo "Landheer™. Those who swear by the warm geo without trees are shown.
I _ They are opening forty houses.
The pregnancy is when one is full but 12 should be counted - 40 women carrying 40 babies were taken there.
She is pregnant, 2 - - 40 girls and 00 new ones are brought.
Dandheer is when the hasha is counted as 9th or 6th - 40 black beards are taken.
It will be 100 people - 40 young people will be taken.
62, the deceased man's tolkit will be taken.
if he kills something. whether or not they meet the requirements and the committee
see, it is sworn. a I -
At the place where the 100 will be taken, there is an intermediary committee "People and animals, God gives us donkey dances."
and taking compensation. We are not allowed to separate the two planes without having the blood that is wanted from us."
Take them while they are recovering, the committee said that the two flights were not between them.
Stay and visit Bogolkay. I I I
After what you said, it was said against you.
When compensation is paid, the party that pays the hundred and those who receive the money from the council, there is nothing left.
They are not allowed to have weapons, they cannot use a knife, a stick, a stick, etc.
It is not allowed. And if they don't stop, the committee will re-judge, Code
Kahal - I have 12 hours left.
The man who passes the gecla in front of the board is paying for the shoes, I ee
He says: I Qolana is not ready to swear like that
egto, it is paid for itself.
- accept it, you weave. It is the Hebele bog.
- We have crossed you. Says the committee. I'm sorry
The flight of the crac I Trick and Trouble
b 4 rm who have been taking hasha if they are young, they are chosen, but I yes
if the board knows it. It is a trick that we have seen above in the website
I swear to God
The page that is being paid is av dal Lola te ea ns
One of them is called "Ranga" and I I «1 wen mag of matapn
nal "geuga" which is eaten in the middle. I Dhible, it is when a party is talking about a bogol or mag ce 1 Not ks
fly the boaol }; and they refuse to take an oath, but they go beyond it, h sa
That soul was oaurra- tayed nayl they killed, being together. = Dtblaba la biya (waat dhaar problem aa no : aan) yy veeshee
If the Bogol is to be treated like this, the witness is the witness of the Bogol's group.
Isa bogol —_ bee sedged, It is called: © — the legal bogol is paid less.
But there are no nests, no bills. :
I
I
I
!
!
I
t