70 Acts of Ciise Christ 71
Ba { - F ‘ Ia] 9 Wray a lo ee my fe I ye I< fa a be 1 ¢ ri Naray. 7 I : gas t. rh atts oe een of - ie __. ; - j. cammnl
Other people are 100 years old.
The other one is reserved for his life.
alive. A man is full when he has testicles, and his name is called "Hebel Candbo Goo" by the community.
It's a bug. to the nation.
If the woman has a bad smell, half of the compensation will be taken from their family.
Tele! Ina dTal by .. ae I daughterit was rejected 00 is said to be "cut off my teat".
If the man who was half is killed and conspired against, the boy who killed the family spoke 00 and said; ;
half of it will be taken from him, because he has already married half, as my father knew a man who would not give me a daughter and he was a virgin.
the law does not spare anything. And a man who knows a girl does not reject me and I am the same.
There is a chance that he will give his whole page if it is said that this is how the girl was raped and he got her pregnant.
ol he ad e bocotkinen" the flight that counted the hintins would say - the father was not taken.
<ol_ If all the bugs followed me, I would kill him, that's how it is
badah his compensation, I
Bisexual listeners
Hearing Impaired _
What is the power of the double if you are tricked?
asc g0 aj ol is the women's breasts and let it be taken Article 1°": If homosexuality is predominantly in women
Anima who is not married, and he wears his clothes and the work that is being done, is compensated
If a man I have women. sea h
Amen. I ~ L. Mad. T
Ahandheddiooa if it is where it is most common.
Both should be breast-fed or breast-fed. Article 2°: If the child is pregnant
ve Booyee, why did he put the hat there? Like the well of diarrhea, the claret, the gocasa, the Qharka ragpei
A 1 < eyes. It is not paid for men.
A person suffering from caveta cone. t close, there I g Bia Fane” asa 1 medhueva
Article 3 **: Between two men who fall between me
loo devn ilevn lasting nn. of 25, the other 25 of her life and working as men Iso New half of the compensation
-} i} evn Eternal life. I don't think it's too much, you have a bag next to you
Linda: vooa iva maota half women put together
If he had said, "Gives compensation", it would be wrong. And if the banana is killed, this is his reward.
They would say we will kill them. §} q they would DCeg and I . Paid, Kana Hack -
But, because of the carnage, the compensation is divided —
oe y The children you were raising were cut off. _
There are also 00 lagy kumi miele. . I'm an ugly listener
> So that he doesn't miss out on ncn k2? Layal who caused the trouble
What bad behavior did you come up with? Ciise, -_ Ugly Magi Bissaa # we cut you
Dayan, Why > Xeerky wutus Pee '2asoo is meant as laisaga Ugly is a mite in the ear or nose.
Article 124: There is "Dear tyo hansae™ -