i
144 XCEY-Ciise I xeer-Ilse 145
5. He must not commit fraud and attack. I
6. He must be a son-in-law. I I
7. He must not have any hair
a. He has no eyes; I I of ,
b. He is deaf; The power of the Chief
c. [we have no hands; 7
d. He has no legs;
e. He is mute;
f. To be toothless, I
g. That he has a house, that's all he needs; } = 9 The Ugas has a rule that is limited by a clause
h. He must be a born beauty. Asti jira: "The chief will isolate and not cut"
} =A tk The elders also say: "The chief is a supplicant."
The economy of Ugas I and other chapters. I }
- The budget spent on the Head of Government should be fully responsible for the decision-making process given by the law to the committees and the Government.
gathers, - I , f Ciise w rule. The decisions made by them are the responsibility of the Chief
- When the chieftain is blessed with his own livestock, he prays to me, and the chieftain is allowed to contribute to his wealth.
that all Cuse should be collected from Nayshii Ugasa, the provisions of Ugas Hassan Hirsi, the previous one, when the government
Some others are among Kab-Ugas. When he asked about Ciise, he used to take old men with him
and } but he used to inform them so that they can discuss the issues that have arisen,
Above, I mentioned in 500 cases that the Chief was arrested for the decision they made and he used to press on them. I mentioned that 00
The family of Hasatl. The Hassan family lives in Mille and its surroundings, I think they have enlightened us about why Ciise chose
which is the land where Ciise' belly is marked. It is a land where camels breed at a young age. To be clear, Ciise wants it
It often grows out of the Toothpaste tree. 18 of the previous month
- ~ 1, He who did not commit a sin and grew up lawfully 00 his prayers
They are prevented from entering Xeolo.
aga uaalea to bring in pooja animals (poached animals). I 3. The young leader, who has a heartache for whom he has entered a hole
Otherwise, the Hassan family is not included in the reservation.
opal ane i agoen. The livestock of the Hassan family is the reason for the prohibition; I «cana Ciise
It is halal that the person who is going to be that person should be.
Ame so Kray. f We pick up listeners in the code of Ciise 00 ocha-
f faysa like this.
There are three in Ciise
f 1- Code
f} 2 Earth
I 3 Chief Londit attacked u
I There is also wisdom and wisdom that the elders of the law cogs) ©
used the position of the back of the head of the call
} = 'The Humanity of Ciise. Among the wisdom is.